Thank you for calling valid mortgage. My name is Jacob, Agent ID, one, two, three, zero. What are the pleasure speaking with today? I'm sorry, what was your name? Jacob? Yes. Hi, Jacob. My name's Albert Sue, HSU. Okay, do you have a loan number so I can pull up that account? No. I've been told that the mortgage got transferred to you. I know this is not your fault, but they never gave me a loan number, and so I'm trying to figure out how to make payments when I don't have a loan number. Incredibly, you're paying. Do you have the property address? Drive in Columbia, Missouri. Can you spell the name of the street? Labrador, like the dog, L-A-B-R-A-D-O-R, Drive. Okay, then I do just have to let you know that the call may be monitored and they're recorded for quality. That's great. Now, please take a complaint that I was told that my mortgage was sold to a new, new, to Valen and I never got a mortgage number. So that's the number one thing I need from you guys. And can you verify the last four digits of your social? 237. And can you verify the date of birth? I'm 10.674. I do just have to just make sure we have the most of to date contact information for you regarding the transfer. So phone number I have listed here is 513, 584, 100 is what I have on file. Nope. Nope. I'll just go ahead and edit that. And what's the better contact number for you? Seven five, three, five, two, three, seven, three, five, two, three, seven. All right. All right. All right. And then email address I do show is scuba H, 7 935 Ashley view Drive Cincinnati Ohio 5 I'm sorry 4 527 that is correct and yes I do show that the loan did transfer on December 1st to us and I do have that new loan number. That would be great. What does when you're ready? Yep. So that's going to be 1-1-1-0, 6-941. I'm going to read that back to you. I've got 1-1-0-1-0-6-9-4-1. That is correct. Okay, please confirm the mailing address so that I can get them to send your check correctly. Mailing address for the payment address. Where to send please. Yep, so it's going to be Valen Mortgage Inc. Yeah. Yeah. And it's going to be PO Box 6600. Okay. They never gave me that. They gave me a Gemini Drive in Beaverton. Yeah, that is a general mailing address. So, should I be sent it to that or the PO Box? Okay. They never gave me that. They gave me a Gemini Drive in Beaverton. Yeah, that is a general mailing address. So should I be sent it to that or the PO Box you're going to give me? The PO box that I'm mentioning. Okay, I have not that nowhere. Okay, what's the PO Box? So, Valent Margagaging and then PO Box 6,600, or three, Dallas Texas, 75266. All right, well this is extremely poor. And I know it's not your fault. So you said PO Box here. So you said PO Box here. So you said PO Box 660043 in Dallas, Texas, and you said 75266, is that right? That is correct. Okay, so that's nowhere in any of the materials that I received. They gave me a business mailing address of 9450 Southwest Gemini Drive in Beaverton, Oregon, of 970208, but do not send it to there, right? Yeah, don't send it to there. That's just the just sending like correspondence or anything like that. That's not a payment address. But actually they told me that that's the payment address in the message I got. Yeah, that's not the payment. I am so incredibly irritated. That is really erroneous. Wow, okay. Well, I will send a complaint letter saying that to the people who sent me this email, thank you for your time. You've been wonderful, but again, this is very, very poor business practice from the people who I get the notice of mortgage servicing. Thank you for your time. You're very welcome. You have a great best of your day. Me too, bye.