Yes. Hi, this is St. Arnold with Balland Mortgage again, Agent I. 4200 on a recorded line. Can you verify your property address, zip code form? 02864. Okay, thank you for that. I apologize. I had to call you right back. But I wanted to make sure I made you aware the requirement is going to be for two payments because you we have to have a processing month. You will in two days you'll be seven months past due. So we can't process it. We won't be able to they won't be able to process. They're going to deny it out. So I don't want that to happen without you being aware that the requirement is going to be for two payments to be made in order for them to finalize or for them to process it. Are you able to... When do I have to make those payments? As soon as possible, because once January 1st hits, you're going to be due for seven payments and it's already been submitted over to the underwriting team as of today. And if they start their review, it's going to get denied out because it's going to be past the required time frame. So that could be rather early in their process review. So that could be as early as next, what's today, as early as next week, pretty much, because Friday's a second. So I would say, yeah, as early as next week it could get tonight out. Yes, but that is not fair because no, I can't. That's not fair because I've been speaking to your company for over a month and they asked me all the questions I said that I needed to put these payments at the end of the loan they said okay I was under the impression that this was being processed when I've been speaking to someone they've been calling me every other week every week and I and I asked for that and they tell me that it's in process so nobody's told me that I needed to make these payments I don't have two payments no I don't have a payment for next week so I don't I don't think you're being fair to me at all. Okay, so we did reach out because the moderate, excuse me, the payment deferral was requested verbally and like I mentioned previously we had to get some. Nobody's called me, nobody's left me a message, no. We have called you. We have called you. Okay, did you leave a message? I'm not sure if they left a message or not necessarily required to leave a message, but they did call you on November 28th. How am I going to know that you're calling me if you're not leaving me a message? You're not making any sense. The same way you would, you saw us calling now and you answered, you see the number, it's the same number every time. So we called on November 28th. Do you know how many people call me every day? I understand. And every time I saw two missed calls. I saw two missed calls and I did call back and I get the Collections Department and they verify the information. They tell me that it's in process. I did call twice. So yes did speak to someone actually last week and they said that it was in process. They've never told me that they need a verification or additional information. No I was never being told that so I'm not sure what I'm sorry that you weren't told that then but you know as I was going through and submitting it over and going through the underwriting and just as I was finalized and everything after we got out the call I realize that it's going to get to not out so if you don't have the two payments then I think the best option would be for you to do an application and possibly see if you can qualify for a modification which won't require you don't want to do do a modification? No, I don't want to do a modification. No, I don't want to do a modification because I am in the program to defer six months. That's because I had a hardship, but I am back now, but you're asking for two payments. That's $2,900 times two. So that's over $5,000. Nobody has that kind of money. I mean, nobody I know. I just came out of a hardship. I'm just trying to catch a couple of my bills. I completely understand that, Ms. Anthony. I'm just, I just know that what the requirements are in spite of the there was supposed to be submitted alone about a month ago so if this is submitted a month ago I wouldn't I would have not been in this in this situation you're submitting this one day before before my my modification is up I mean I don't know how many cases you have but when you got to my case I mean you got to my case on the last day of the year and that's not fair to me. Are you able to make one payment and I can try and get them to escalate it? I'm not able to make one payment no because I have 15 days to make the payment so I was gonna try and make the payment next week. Okay well I will put that in the communication in the request to them and we will see what the underwriting team says. And I will advise them that it should have been submitted previously and see if they're able to do anything. I can't make any guarantees that that is going to suffice. I mean, just put yourself in my shoes, it is not fair. Can you please explain to them that I was just notified today that I have to make the payments I mean you were just notified today I will I will absolutely indicate that but understand that we have been trying to call you as well I do not have any messages and every time I had a missed call which was twice I called back and I was not and I did not speak to anybody okay I and it was just that he had actually they went over my account they asked me for my information and they told me that it's in process and if you could see the notes I'm sure that you're gonna verify that yes ma'am I never told me that they needed to verify information for me for me to be actually submitted an application. I was under the impression because they've told me many times that the application is in process and it takes 30 days. Okay, well I will submit I will submit that over. I see that I'm just letting you know the information that I have in front of me and we'll see what the outcome is. Okay. Yes ma'am. All right, thank you again for taking my call. You're welcome. Okay. Bye.