Thank you for calling a valid mortgage. My name is Jacob. Agent ID is 1-320. Who do I have the pleasure speaking with today? Hi Jacob, this is Adria Magnis. Hello, how are we doing today? Okay. I'm calling out a couple of things I'm a little confused about. I'm sure you can help me. Gotcha, gotcha, yeah. Let me actually be out real fast. No, no, they actually populated when you called called in so I do appreciate that and it did show that you came in fully authenticated so I'll be all good to go. Thank you though. All right. And I'm now into the account what kind of questions do we have for today? There are really two of them. One is there is a late charge of 5146. Apparently my I've never paid anything late before. Apparently my monthly amount changed and I had this on auto pay and so I just assumed that the correct amount was going to be taken out and when I was notified that it hadn't been I paid the difference. But you still charged me a late fee which I would like you to eliminate. We'll do. I can definitely do that right now. You're the best. And perfect I was able to leave that leafy up the account so there's no outstanding fee balance anymore. Great now my next question is I got a updated escrow analysis and payment updates and you know I'm gonna try to use to auto pay again and I don't want to get myself in trouble and I honestly can't tell what I am paying for December January and February. Gotcha yeah this one this escrow analysis I can tell it's a little confusing so I can definitely break this down for you okay? Yes please. So let me see. escrow analysis performed, perfect. Okay, so right now your payment amount is reflecting as a one thousand six hundred eighty nine dollars and ninety cents. The reason why it's reflecting that is because that will be the payment for January. The reason why the January payment is less than the other ones is because we did determine there was a surplus of $38.63, which we do have to refund back to you. Let me see that's been issued out yet. Not yet. Let me take a look into this real quick, so sorry. Aren't you just going to take it off whatever my monthly payment is after that? I mean, it looks to me. Yeah. That is accurate. So yes. So the January payment since there's a surplus of the 3863, we're actually just removing that from the January payment. And then starting in February the 17285353 that will be your new payment from February 26 to February of 2027. Okay. Okay. I was confused because it said that your new monthly mortgage payment starting January 1st and I saw two numbers and I wanted to make sure I had it correct. So okay. All right. You answered my question. Yes. Or you can be able to be some sort of confirming email that you've eliminated that $51 fee. Let me see if I can type something up for you right now. I mean, I know I just got one from you saying I owed it to you. So somewhere in there, if you just send a confirmation that would be great. Yeah, of course, let me see. Yes, I can definitely type something up for you. Let me see. Yes, I can definitely type something up for you. Let me get that going for you. All right, perfect. Yeah, I have that confirmation email just saying I was able to wait the late fee. And then I'll send that to the email, and then I'll send that to the email that we have on file, which is a A-M-A-G-M-M-A-G mom at I. I was able to wait the late fee. And then I'll send that to the email that we have on file, which is a A-M-A-G- Mom at I cloud. Is that correct? That is correct, yes. Perfect. So I have that sent out to you right now. You can expect it within about a minute after this call. Yeah, that's fine. I'm not in any rush. I just appreciate you doing this and you've been a great help. Thank you. Of course. And before I let you you go were there any questions that I might have overlooked for today? I don't think so. Oh I just got your email. Perfect. Yes. All right. And then before I do let you go I do see that you've been building equity inside your home, just like to know if you want to explore the options to access the cash, but things like home improvements. No, I do not. No worries. I'll let you go, so you have a wonderful day. There might be a brief survey at the ending of the call. That's fine. All right. Thank you so much. Of course. But bye. Did I stay on the line for it or? Yes. It should probably after this call if you don't get a survey that would be okay. I know sometimes system is low like 50-50 with them. So if you get one I really do appreciate it if you can fill it out. If not, that would be okay you enjoy your day. Okay, thank you.