You can't. Good afternoon. Thank you so much for calling Val and Mortgage. My name is Grace and my agent ID is 1375 on a recorded line. May you have your full name? Liza Feldman. My name is Grace and my agent ID is 1375 on a recorded line. May you have your full name? Liza Feldman. Do you have a different last name on file? Doebrau. Thank you. And thank you for getting authenticated through the automated system. Do you see that you're like to make a payment towards your escrow account. Is that correct? No. So, do you see that you're like to make a payment towards your escrow account? Is that correct? No. So basically what happened was when I was getting my insurance home insurance renewed for this year it came up with agent that unfortunately it was not told my insurance company that our roof had been taking care of the year before because we switched insurance companies. So they didn't realize we had a new roof. So basically they gave us a refund on our policy because they had charged us based on an old roof. Does that make sense? Okay, so you have a check? I mean, did you already are you yeah trying to punish an escrow account so I have a check but what I'm trying to figure out is is that mine to keep or is that something that I need to deposit into my escrow account? If it's related to insurance then I believe that's something you can keep but if it's related I mean I'm sorry let me rephrase that if it's tied to your escrow obligations so property insurance property taxes then you would want to replenish your escrow account but if it's part part of an insurance claim, then yeah, you can do it, do with it as you intended. No, I'm just saying like, basically I was talking to the end to my insurance broker about it. And she was just basically saying that a property analysis has not been done on our home yet. I think it's done in March. And I'm not sure if it looks as though that our escrow account is going to be you know I guess higher or lower whatever it is and so by putting more money in our escrow account it might help balance our monthly mortgage or if that's not necessary right now. Well it would help but you're not due for analysis until March unless you request an earlier one and only if you had changes that would impact you over $500 or more like for instance within your tax status change or if your insurance premium has changed you could put it back in time for your March analysis if they determine based on your funds at that time and the account changes. If you have a $50 or more surplus that isn't required to pay your escrow, you would get a refund back from escrow. But if you're sure, that's when you know they adjust your payment one yeah of course and I guess then my other question would be what does my escrow account look like now in terms of my because I we did just get more I mean sorry get a different insurance policies I just want to make sure I mean it's negative because we had to advance you like 24100 for your insurance that we paid to travelers it was like 9300 so you're the negative that that's the negative one thousand four hundred forty three dollars and thirty cents okay but that plan went so basically that plan went through but it has since been altered actual our actual annual insurance is around 5900 that was what travelers tried to charge us but we altered it because obviously that's absurd to be spending that much on home insurance so because our policy has since changed, what does that, like what happens there? You can request a new analysis, but if we sent in 9300 in advance to 2400, you do need to pay that back, but traveler should be giving you an appropriate refund if it's going to be less than that. If we sent to 9,300 but it's only 5,800, then that refund is either going to be mailed back to you, or refunded to your escrow account. We just don't have that yet. So it should be refunded to the escrow account, I assume. Okay, well then can verify that. You might want to give them a call so you can verify where to look out for where to look for it. Travelers are saying? Okay. All right well thank you so much I appreciate it. You're welcome and do you need me to