for College, my name is Christian, Agent I. D. 1374, and who do I have the pleasure of speaking with? Hi, my name is Jean Pierre, and I received a check for $373.33 from you guys from Valon Mortgage, Inc. with no explanation, I don't know because my mortgage was recently sold to you guys from wholesale mortgage so I don't know what the 373 dollars was for. Is this like a late fee? No that I receive a check. Oh a check. Give me a second I have to give it to your account do you happen to have your loan number? Uh, no. Okay, do you have your address, property address? Yes. It's 531, Nortis, A-I-N-S-A-N-S-T-? Ainsworth, correct? Ainsworth Street. Yes. One second. You can't. Give me one second my screen's loading. You can't. And the name on the account? Is John, $8. Perfect. Okay, I found your information. Just give me a second to get into your account, okay. Just so you know, this call may be monitored and recorded for training and quality purposes. May I get the last four of your social? 6385. And the property zip code? 97211. Perfect. Give me one second. I'm almost in the account. Just need to make sure have the most up-to-date contact information for you. Best number to reach you at is a phone number you're calling on, correct? Yes. And I have J.P. Tala 97211 at Yahoo.com, is that your email address? Correct. And I have the mailing address that I found you by, correct? Yes. Perfect. Give me one second. I'm just going to work. And I'm just going to work. Okay, and I'm just going to look at your escrow statement that looks like it was sent to you just recently this escrow statement shows that you have a surplus meaning there was extra money in your escrow account so anything over $50 we send to you and that's what looks like it happened and we sent you the 373 because that was how much is over in the account. Okay that's the reason okay it don't, but if they had explained it, you know, under attachment, then I wouldn't be calling. Yeah, I think, I just re-sent you the email. You should receive it now. I just re-sent the email, check your spam. But it's an email that I sent you that does have the escrow statement in it that does give an explanation on that. Okay. Okay. Okay, thank you. No problem at all. Is there anything else I'm able to help you with? No, that's all. All right, there's a brief survey for me at the end of this call. I hope you enjoy the rest of your day and happy holidays, okay? Thanks, you too.