Hello, can you hear me now? Hey, yeah, I can hear you. Okay, thank you for calling valid mortgage. Tanya, Agent ID number 1126, this call may be monitored or recorded for training and quality purposes. To get started, may have your first and last name please. Yeah it's Kenny Swanson. Thank you one moment please. And I do see you verified through the automated IVR system. Thank you very much for that. And if I can just confirm contact information as all up to date, is your mailing address still 415 northeast birch street. Isakawa, Washington 98027? Yep, that's that. Thank you. And email address we have is Kenny. Swanson at gmail.com, is that still a email for you? Correct. Thank you and for your phone number is 949 7677677 still a good number. Yep. All right. Thank you so much for the information and keeping us up to date. Hooting into the account here now. All right, and I do see a new transfer as of December 1st. Welcome to Valin. All right, and how may I help you today? Yeah, I was just trying to see if I can like get into my account yet. I haven't received anything in the mail I don't believe and I didn't know if like I already have a payment you tried to get into the account, say? Yeah, it's, I think I tried to do like the register my loan. I have a loan number from Omaha, Mutual of Omaha Mortgage, and I tried doing that in my Social Security and it didn't work. Okay. I don't know if I've been giving a new loan number. Yes, yes. You do have a new loan number with Valen and you would need to enter that one into the dashboard to get registered. I can. All right. It's one one. One. One one. Zero. Five six nine. One one. Five six nine. One one. Five six nine. One one. One one. Yes. Okay. Go ahead and try to enter that with your social. You should be able to get in. Yeah. Yeah. All right. Cool. I think that won't work. Okay. Yeah, I think I got it. Cool. Great. All right. So on your online dashboard you can make payments there. You just need to enter your bank account information. You'll find all your statements. Okay. Do you have any questions about what you're seeing there on the dashboard? No, I don't think so. Out of curiosity, is it possible to, is it possible to, is it possible to change the payment date? It is not. I'm sorry. I do have to yeah it's gonna be the first but you do have a grace pairing each month ends on the 16th 8 p.m. Eastern time got it. Okay. Sounds good. Yep. I'm all logged in and that works. All right and I just want to mention that we do have a welcome letter headed out to you in the next couple of days. It'll also be loaded online, but there is important information in that packet. Please keep an eye out for it. You'll see on the cover page, Section 4 says how to update my insurance. We will need you to reach out to your insurance just to let them know of the change over to Valen. It's really important when it comes time for the renewal that they know where to send the invoice so we can make sure we get that paid in a timely manner for you. Your renewals not till September so it's nothing that you have an urgent deadline for. But they won't make the change the change if we call them because we're kind of an unknown third party. They don't know we have a new relationship yet so they won't make a change to your policy from you know got it yeah I've been through I've been through that okay or annoying yeah I'm so sorry about that yeah just the only thing we ask of you and then taxes will take care of setting everything up ourselves okay all right thank you very much kenny welcome to Valin once again there's a brief at the end of the call take care have a good rest of your day