Thank you. Thank you for calling Valen. This is Carlos ID 1282. How can you help you? Hey Carlos, this is Matt. I'm calling from the Insurance Service Center here at Valen, employee Dus M34. How you doing today? Good, how are you, man? I'm not too bad. It's Friday. You know, we're getting closer to the weekend and holidays too, so I'm actually doing pretty good. That's what I'm saying, you know, for sure. Yeah, uh let me know when you're ready for that little number I, put an additional funds into escrow. It is to pay for insurance, but you know, let's put money to escrow. So I figured that's where do you guys come up? Okay. You said it's Kenneth Heller? Buller. He said, Candice Bowler. Uh, he said, uh, he said, uh, Candice Bowler is what he said his name was? Candice, Candice Bowler? Yeah, he said his name was Candice Bowler. So, okay. All right. Yeah, I'm just going off with this in. So, but I'm going to get it connected now. Thank you. All right, we are connected. Are you still there? Yes. Thanks for holding. I appreciate that. So I have Carlos here from our customer service department. He's going to help assist further with that payment and deskro. Do you have any more insurance questions before I depart? I do not. Thank you very much. Excellent. Thank you for calling the insurance service center. You both have a great weekend now. Bye bye. You're well, thank you. I appreciate it. Hi, this is Carlos here with a client engagement ID1280. And who I speak with today? Casey Bowler. Okay, all right. Thank you. Give me one moment. Just for security purposes, can you please verify the last for every social? 0.602. Thank you. Thank you. And just for security purposes, can you please verify the last for of your social? 50602. Thank you. And can you also verify the properties in good please? 85009. Thank you. Okay perfect. I appreciate verifying that information. Give me one moment and. Okay. All right so we're updating our records here and this phone that you come from, is that the best phone number to have a file for you? For me, moment. Okay so I have your account up and all right so what can I do for you today? We recently switched insurance companies and I just need I get a check from the old company and I just need to make a payment into an additional escrow payment. Sure they would be more than happy to assist you with that request. Okay and will you be using the the account on file that's Bank of America account ending in a 6-88. No. Okay. Give me one moment. Okay. Okay. So then we can go ahead and go ahead and process. Okay, so then we can go ahead and process that payment for you. Do you happen to have your routing number and also you're checking your savings account with you? I'm calling that up for it now. Sure. Let me know if you have any questions. Okay. Okay, so much for waiting on the line. No, no problem. Okay, I've got the, do you want the accounting number? You're You're You're You're Thank you so much we're calling in today. Hope you have yourself, happy holidays. Please stand by for our beeservocate one moment.