Hi, thank you for calling Valle Mortgage. My name is Charlotte, Agent ID Number 1152, who do I have the pleasure of speaking with? Charlotte, this is Roman from the insurance service department on a recorded line for quality training purposes. What's a happening? How are you? Charlotte, I'm doing well. How about yourself? Man, one of your agents made me mad today. Oh, no, that wasn't me. I could tell you that. No, it wasn't you. It was one of the people on your side though. Yeah, I'm not going to speak for everybody. I speak for myself. Yep, nope. I like a good dude. What's happening? What's going on? I have an customer so here it go it is not an it's not one of us is the customer now mr. Francisco Hernandez loan number nine two nine five four zero nine eight four zero He wants to discuss his escrow account. Oh God. Did you advise him that I'm going to have to validate his identity when you transfer him? No, but I think it'll be fine. I mean he's already upset. Oh Roman you're really trying to give me in trouble today. I took the heat, you know I took part of the heat you could take the other part. Do it. Okay. Good. Good. Let me let me bring him over. Get him transferred over. I'll get it. I got it. Hi, thanks, Charla. Mr. Hernandez. Sir? Yeah, go ahead. Okay, I have Charlotte from a customer service department. She's going to be taking care of you regarding your escrow questions. Okay, just to remind you, we are on a recorded call. Charlotte, go ahead. Hi, this is Charlotte, Agent ID Number 1152 here at Allen Mortgage on a recorded line. Who do I have the pleasure of speaking with? Francisco Hernandez. How are you doing today, Francisco? I just wanted to say, thank you for colonization and service center, Mr Francisco. By byla. Sorry. Thank you. That's okay, Roman, thank you. All right, sorry about that. Francisco, how are you doing today? Okay, okay, I'm trying to figure it out. I'm trying to get insurance. I was going to do insurance with a company that it shows on your system. But they were quoting me something different. Something with a call DP1, which basically it takes a lot of the coverage if you want to play that from H.O3. I don't know why they do that and why they didn't tell me anything about it. But anyway, so I called a couple of places around and I found one that is a lot more, but it covers me some. So, anyway anyway I wanted to find out he was not able to tell me how much is my escrow when I look at my account I couldn't see it because it shows that they already have withdrawn the money or something like that and I didn't I didn't approve anything and I'm trying to talk to these people so they're supposed to be sending you the papers or the insurance or whatever is that you guys need you know to put it in the system and with the remaining of the escrow I guess you guys divided that into monthly payments or something like that, right? Yes and no. Escrow is a little tricky. Okay. Let me go ahead and verify the account with you and your identity. And then I'll be more than happy to go ahead and take a look at what we have on file and what's notated on the account to be able to better assist and answer your questions and concerns regarding the escrow. Is that okay? Okay, yeah, go ahead. Okay, perfect. So can you verify for then the property zip code. 3 to 703. Thank you for that. Let me get over here and see what's going on. All right. Okay so I do see it was listed as long as well as well as I do see it was listed as loggerhead and that was, um, okay so I do see it was listed as loggerhead and that was, um, the policy looks like it is set to either renew or expire tomorrow. But then I have one listed as People's Trust that takes effect tomorrow. Yeah, that's the one I'm cancelling right now. The People's Trust that takes effect tomorrow. Yeah, that's the one I'm cancelling right now. The people's trust? Yeah, that's the one I told them to stop because they are, I don't know, when I was going through it, it just was not covering anything. I don't know why they submitted it when I was going through it, it just was not covering anything. I don't know why they submitted it when I didn't even told them to. So I'm talking to another company, her name is Megan, I don't know why they submitted when I didn't call them too. So I'm talking to another company, her name is Megan, I don't remember the name of the company, is Little, Little Insurance or something like that, Little Star Insurance. But they already should have sent you some stuff because we've been dealing with this since the 10th and so I don't know what you guys have or what is the process of it. Okay. Yeah, sure. Now did she advise you because once you've notified them that you're canceling that policy they're gonna have to issue you a refund and then I always recommend once you get that refund put it right back into the Escher account. Okay? Currently the Escher account balance is... Wait, wait. Wait, number one. I that we just submitted payment to today for $1,807. Right, but you submitted a payment that I didn't, wait, wait, wait, wait, you're submitting a payment that I didn't ask you to submit it. No, because the insurance comes to be requested and that's our job. No, no, the president requests whatever they want and it is between you and them. It doesn't have nothing to do with me. One thing is for me to be looking at quotes and the other thing is for me to approving anything. I. They typically send it out about a month. Are you talking about, are you talking about loggerhead? No, I'm talking about the people's trust. That's who we just paid. People trust. People trust is the one that if I'm not mistaken that's the company that is under your website under your system. Okay. And this was about a week ago. Okay. Not even that. This was like four or five days ago. I look into it, they call me, I look at the number, he showed me something, he sent something to me. I start reviewing them to see exactly what it was, okay? I didn't approve anything. He have sent me a good faith as everybody has so far at this point okay but nobody have requesting any payment from you guys so the fact that you guys work together with them or whatever is that you have that doesn't have nothing to do with me you know I'm asking for quote you offer on your page the ability to click in there and ask for a quote and that's what I did I ask for a quote I have not signed any documents I haven't signed anything that's why when I went into my into my account to look at how much escrow I have to compare it with whatever they're calling me on this company that I'm working with, I see that it says negative 232. So I called the number from Valoon, but it offered me directly to this guy that I was talking to. I didn't know he was the insurance company where I'm calling a loan number so anyway so I say why you guys took why did you guys request for money that I have not approved I didn't ask you for it oh we were doing whatever is that they say but no problem because the money have not gone through yet or whatever and you do you want me to to make a stop payment and I say well I haven't even asked you to even do anything all I ask was was a quote anybody can ask for a quote you know but I'm not approving anything and you are absolutely correct in that you can ask for a quote you know but I'm not approving anything and you are absolutely correct in that you can ask for a quote, you know, but I'm not approving anything. And you are absolutely correct in that you can ask for a quote, but they wouldn't have sent a request for payment if there wasn't something agreed upon technically and we wouldn't have sent payment out. They've been calling me for the last four days. Okay, so then let's do this. Let's do this. I'm going to place you on a brief hold and I'm going to do some digging to the account. So bear with me a few moments. All right, Francisco, are you still there? One second, one second, oh my God. One second. Yeah, go ahead. Okay, so after speaking with an agent over at our insurance services team, I got a little bit better understanding of what's going on. So yes, people's choice is considered a lender's choice type of insurance. Why they sent a request for payment with a policy, I don't know, okay? But I was insured that this agent could tell that the prior agent did put a code on the account payment to stop that payment and it's going to freeze that payment from going anywhere. Okay? And the reason for that is because you had indicated to him that you didn't want that policy paid out because you were still shopping around for insurance. Okay? So what I am highly suggesting to you is once you figure out what carrier you're going to go with, you're definitely going to have to have your agent or that company reach out to us so that we can get this updated because the current policy that your coverage is with logger loggerhead it expires tomorrow yeah but but she's actually on my other line and she's listening to what you're saying and she said she I could upload the documents I can do that right now for email like I can send the doctor here. Okay can you give her that information please? I can because it's general information. email is going to be Valen v Lake Victor al-A-L-O-N, like Nancy, at I have insurance.com, or you can upload at I have insurance.com forward slash Valen. I've already got the email ready to go. Okay, so you guys in there right right now right and they can you guys don't take it. Absolutely. I will have it over and if I'm not going to disclose any information to her Francisco about the account but I need to know the carrier name and if possible a policy number and a premium amount so I can I'm not going to disclose any information to her Francisco about the account but I need to know the carrier name and if possible a policy number and a premium amount so I can reach back out to my insurance services team and have them update your account on their end so that they know when that comes in be 991-00-5377. Okay, so the phone did cut out a little bit for tomorrow. Okay, the phone did cut out a little bit. Can you provide me with the beginning of the policy number up until the 9-1? I've got everything after that. Okay, the phone did cut out a little bit. Can you provide me with the beginning of the policy number up until the 9-1. I've got everything after that. Yes, it's just as doesn't Sam be like boy. Okay, so Sam Brady 9 be 12-13-25 to 12-13 of 26. What's the carrier name? That's correct. It's a benchmark specialty insurance company. Benchmark specialty insurance company. Benchmark is one one. Yep, I got it. Okay. All right. And then I'll go ahead and get this information. Oh yeah, that would be good. What65 and 10.2965.10. 2965.10. That's correct. All right. Thank you for that. All right. Your problem. Okay. Do you need Megan for anything else? I do not know. Okay, Megan. Thank you so much. I call you finding you, okay. Thank you. Bye-bye. All right, so you have everything you need at this point, right? Correct. I am going to place you on a brief hold and I am going to reach back out to insurance services. So what's going to happen is we're going to have them cancel that payment going out to people's trust. Okay. Okay. So did those funds be available? I wish I would have done it with you guys because it's supposed to be easier for me, but I don't know. The, the, when I start going over the insurance, it looks like I lost a lot of stuff, you know, and then when I was talking to different people, they say, yeah, but why, are you renting that property? And like, no, are you in this? So why are they giving you a DP1 and not an H.O. 3? So I don't know nothing about insurance. I don't know if you know what I'm talking about. I do. It's the way they had your property listed. They assumed that it was a rental property and not a primary resident. Why? I've been there now for... I don't know. They assumed that it was a rental property and not a primary resident. Why? I've been there now for... I don't know. Since 2015. I couldn't tell you that. I honestly couldn't. But let me place you on a brief hold. I'm going to reach out to insurance services. Let them know that that code 7 on that other payment. We need to adjust that to stop payment, cancel payment. And then I'm going to provide them with the information she gave me so that they can notate that when that comes in that payment needs to go out okay so you information that Megan gave me. So, unfortunately, the agent that I have on the line cannot take the information that Megan gave me. So unfortunately, he is going to have to reach out to her with you on the line so that he can obtain the same information from her that she just provided me. But I'm going to go ahead and note on the account on my end and send it to our internal insurance for you. Okay. Okay. So, does she have the information information that you have the number or that he has the number I don't have that for Megan no you'll have to give him Megan's contact number so he can call her okay okay I do apologize I do apologize I'll go ahead and leave you with the insurance services agent okay okay I do apologize I'll go ahead and leave you with the insurance services agent. Okay. All right. Thank you. What was your name again? My name is Charlotte. Okay, Charlotte. Thank you so much. You're welcome.