calling on the mortgage. My name is Laura. My agent, ID is 1321. May I have your first and your last name? Yeah, my first name is Seri, S-E-R-R-Y. Last name is Mello, M-E-L-L-O, and also Ginger Mello, G-I-N-G-E-R, M-E-L-O calling on request 703-4829 concerning Jerry F Clark. I'm sorry, where are you calling from? Where am I calling from? Yes, sir. Are you the account holder? No, the account holder was Jerry F. Clark. He has passed away. Ginger and I have been trying to work with the service team to get a, for over a couple of weeks now, a payoff figure for the title company for a pending closing. Okay. and I can give you the information and where to send a request. Well, again, I'm responding with this email communications back and forth here with us, with your services team. Okay. The last one I got was today from Salinda. I'm not sure what that is, sir. I'm unable to pull anything without you being authorized on the account. So if there are... Do you need to talk to Ginger? I don't have those names on the account. So... We've talked to other agents already. I don't have those names on the account. We've talked to other agents already concerning this this mortgage and we've again there's a personal rep. Okay. So, they only work through email. Unfortunately, we don't see the information. Once we see the information, then we can go into the account, sir. But I don't see any details that are being updated with the authorization as a part now. I'm sorry. Well I don't understand because we've already called before and we've spoke with actually agents a couple of times. Jasmine on the phone, Caesar. I've been logging all the phone calls and then there's emails coming back and forth with Ginger. So I don't understand why you can't, we can't go any further right now. Yeah, because, can't you look up that request number? What's the request number that they're giving you? 703.4829. Yeah, okay. Now it's saying it's pending, sir. That's what it's saying right now. Yes, that's correct. Yes, that's correct. Yes, that's correct. Yes. Okay. Do you see the communication? No, it's just telling me that this ticket is pending. But yes, I do see the ticket. It's still in process right now. Yeah, right. And the latest email we got, okay. The email I just got, we got today, wants two more documents, okay? Because we've already sent them the death certificate, and we've also sent them documents that Ginger is the, um, the personal representative of the estate. Okay? Now, I'm, well, what they're asking for to complete this, um, uh, oh, Ginger, being successors in interest, um, uh, Ginger, being successors in interest. She needs to supply proof of ownership. Please provide all pages of the recorded deed. And the second bullet point is a copy of your government issue photo ID. Now, one of my questions is, is that requiring Ginger to show her photo ID? I would send it yes. And if not, you can always reply to Selinda who's requesting it and ask her that question. Okay. We don't have a way of community. I'm not sure about the recorded deed about getting that you know I don't know what steps are needed to get that for Selinda yeah I'm not sorry, but I do see it. So if you're unable or should I say, don't understand just advice of what it is you can send and what you cannot send. She'll let you know if it's accepted or not accepted or what other documents she can actually. I'm going to send her the, I can send her the photo ID but we still have a question about how we're able to send the recorded deed I mean they keep your institution keeps throwing roadblocks we're just trying to get through on the closing of the property but we can't get started until we get a payoff figure and every time you know to get the payoff figure we're going to you're making us jump through all kind of loops here and it's getting very frustrating it's been over a couple weeks now and that's why I sound irritated because I am you know I'm going to hang up with you I will sponsor the email and give her one of the two items, I believe, and then we'll have to take it from there. All right, thank you. No problem, sir. Have a good rest of you today. Thank you for your time.