Hello, thank you so much for contacting valid mortgage. My name is Miriam, Agent I D. 1341. I do want to let you know that this call will be monitored or recorded for quality assurance purposes. Could I have a pleasure of speaking with? Hi, I'm Miriam. Good morning. This is Samuel from the Insurance Service Center in a recorded line. Calling in regards of loan number 645, 6770480. Thank you so much. What is the homeowner's name? Yeah, Mr. Hackham Jerome. And well, he has some questions regarding his escrow balance. It's okay if I transfer the call. Oh, that's fine. You can get them over, thank you. Thank you. Can you repeat your ID again? I'm sorry. 1 341. 1 341, guy, thanks so much. Thank you. Hello, Mr. Hakkam. Yes. Thanks for holding. I got Miriam here, customer service representative. I'm leaving you in the best sense. Thank you, have an Isaiah. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you last name Jerome. Thank you so much. Do you mind verifying the last four of your social? 906. And your date of birth? 1126, 1.26, 51. Perfect, thank you so much. Give me one second. And then I was able to pull up the account, but before I'm able to access it, it does look like you've built equity in your home. Would you be interested in speaking with somebody about that today? No, not today. No problem. And then I do understand that you have questions on your escrow balance. How may I assist today? Yeah, so I just want to get this up to date so the payment's back to where it was. Basically what happened, there were two policies. So they paid out twice. Long story short I got the refund check for one of the policies so there's only one active policy on file so I just need to apply that refund check back to the escrow accounts and see if there's anything else additional that's needed on top of that to bring the payment back to where it should be instead of going up next month. Got it, no problem. What is the amount that you received or that you're putting back into the account? But I did look at the escrow statement online. It is showing, if I'm not mistaken, it's showing a shortage of $5,244.64 cents. That's correct. Okay. So that's what needs to be reapplied back and then you guys would reanalyze the escrows and how it works? Yes, so are you looking to make just a 489538 or are you looking to make the shortage amount? No, well I want to do the shortage that way it doesn't increase the payment. Okay, so you're looking to do the 52464? 64. Yes, and I was wondering, am I able to schedule that payment to be drafted next week? You can, yeah. Once the payment is cleared, then that'll be adjusted, it does take about three to five businesses for that to be adjusted. Is that okay with you? That's fine. Yeah, because I think I'll give us enough time. I just, because I deposited a check, I just want to make sure it's officially available before drafting. So if we can schedule it maybe for the 8th of December to get drafted. Okay, and then I do want to let you know that when you pay the shortage amount, your payment does decrease by approximately four hundred thirty seven dollars and five cents So your payment will approximately. It'll go from 291901 to approximately 2480 196 Okay. Yeah, I think that's that's where it was Yeah, it was at 2354-50 so it'll still increase slightly. Okay. Yeah, I think that think that's where it was. Yeah, it was at 2354-50, so it'll still increase slightly, but it won't like go back to that specific amount. I'm so sorry you're cutting that. What was that? You're like really like cutting out. Like choppy. Can you hear me okay? Yes, I don't know why. Can you hear me okay? Yes, can you hear me okay? Yeah, so it sounds like you're speaking, you're just like breaking up really bad. I can't make out what you're saying. I'm sorry. Can you hear me okay? Yeah, so it sounds like you're speaking, you're just like breaking up really bad. I can't make out what you're saying. I'm sorry.