Hello, thank you for calling valid mortgage. My name's Tanya. Agent ID 1126, this call may be monitored or recorded for training and quality of purposes. To get started, may I have your first and last name, last name is the last name is Vallejo. All right, I've got your account loading in here and I do see that you verified through the automated system. Thank you for that. Yeah. And if I can just confirm contact information is all up to date, is your mailing address still 393 Harvey Place, plainfield New Jersey 07062? Yeah. Yeah. All right. And if I can just confirm contact information is all up to date, Is your mailing address still 393 Harvey Place, Plainfield, New Jersey 07062? That's correct. Thank you. And your email, I've got K-A-Y-F-A-L-21 at Gmail.com, is that correct? Yes. Thank you. And for your best phone number is 908397, 1315 is still a good number for you. Yes. Okay. Thank you so much. One moment, please. All right, I've got your account pulled up. How may I help you today? Okay, so since I've, since the purchase of this home, I've had to essentially reconstruct it from top to bottom because the previous seller that sold it to me sold it fraudulently and there were some concealed defects that he did not disclose upon the sale. So long story short, I have exhausted all my options currently and as you can see, I'm very past due on my current mortgage because I've had to expend your tour almost all of my savings and credit to almost fix this home. So I am in a bit of a bind here where I'm going to need to step in and have my financial institution at least be made aware or help me at least sell the home so I can avoid a foreclosure because that's most likely the direction I'm heading towards now. Oh, okay. Oh, my goodness. I know that's a lot, but yeah. Okay. Well, what I can do is we do have a mortgage assistance team that can go over some options if you're interested in exploring different options to avoid foreclosure and help you get back on track. Would you like to speak with them today? Sure. Okay. And do you currently reside at this property address? No, this is a rental property. Okay. Do you have any other questions? Do you have any other questions? Do you have any other questions? Do you want to hold and connect you with a specialist? That's it. Thank you. Okay, thank you. One moment, please. Hello, Mr. Fellow, thank you so much for holding. I appreciate your patience. I have got Joshua on the line here, a specialist who will go ahead and take over and assist you further from here. You both take care, have a wonderful rest of your day. Thank you.