and market. This is Yameel at 1892. Hold on a pleasure speaking with. This is the Amanda Brown. Hi, how are you doing today? I'm doing good. Good to hear. Let me open up your account. I just see that you came and verified to the IVR system. Thank you for that. This calls monitor recorded for training and quality purposes. One second. And I also see that your loan is assigned to an agent in order to provide you with the most accurate information I need to transfer you over before I do so. We go ahead and open this up and I do see here that we receive the incomplete mortgage assistance application for the 65-65 days pass due. Yes, and can I have the reason for your delinquent to before we get started? Well, it was because of the medical expenses and bills. But yeah, I was calling because of the medical expenses and bills. But yeah, I was calling because I, when the forbearance ends, I was just wanting to see what I could do other than extending it. You want to extend it, correct? We've got my spot it cleared up. Awesome. So, are you working now? Yeah. Awesome. And you live in your home, correct? Yes. Let me go ahead and see, your forbearance is coming to an end and complete missing items, unable to verify your income, please provide current pay step. Hold on this change for Chris Brown. That's what's missing. Okay. Well, if I'm willing to select the forbearance and and start my payments again, then I wouldn't have to complete that right. That was a good question. I'm not sure. I'm not in that department. I'm going to have to transfer you over. Let me see if I have an agent have. Okay, Ms. Shifo on a brief hold. Okay, don't have nobody available right now for you. So I'm going to have to go ahead and put a call back, so they can give you a call once they are available. Okay. So bear with me, Amanda, Amanda Graham. Okay, 439, 9105, 3049, 9046, 828, 828, 828, okay, yes. They're going to call you back as soon as they are back. Okay. So hopefully they are done by then. It's going to be coming from my 855 phone number. Okay. Okay, you're all set. Anything else I can do to assist you? Yeah. Awesome. Well, you have a great rest of your day. I'll call there be a brief survey. Okay.