I'm going to pick, please. Speaking. Hi, this is Joshua, Agent ID1432, calling with a mortgage on a recorded line. How are you doing today? I'm doing okay. I'm asking. And if you can verify only the zip go on the property address, please. Two, one, two, three, nine. Thank you so much. Let me one moment. All right, I just want to give you a quick overview of the account before moving forward. I do show you active in a forbearance plan, which is actually the reason for my call today account is contractually 58 days past 2. I show the hardship was due to the unemployment initially. Is that still the case? Yes. Okay. All right. And like I said, I was going to follow up with that on you, with you on that on the unemployment and the forbearance, because it looks like the forbearance is coming to an end towards the end of January. So I wanted to see what your plan is. I have a callback request, a schedule from you from last week. I'm following up on that and that as well it looks like it was on regards to the forbearance plan. Yeah. Yeah, someone had called me and I missed the call. So I called back. So yeah, I know that it's over at the end of January. And it should be I think I'm paid up through November through October. Through October, yes ma'am. November, December, and January and then February will be due as a February 1st. Is that my understanding correct? Correct. Yes, yes, ma'am. And now, do you need an extension of Daffobearance? Are you still going through a hardship or do you think you'll be ready to resume payments on February? As of now, I'm still going through the hardship. I'm looking at a temp job, maintaining you know my household bills but it doesn't have enough to cover in full mortgage right now but I am I am planning to pay at least two months up in January. I'm going to go ahead then Tunisia and I will send you an application because regardless if we're doing an extension of the forbearance or if you want to apply for long-term options you will need to fill out that application that I send you. I'm sending over to your email so you should be getting within the next few minutes if you haven't already. Fill out the application when you have some time maybe this weekend or during this week please feel out that application and it should give you an option there to put your hardship status as well, you know, so it's just what's going on basically and then we'll review based on that because if the hardships they're ongoing, most likely we'll review for an extension. But usually when the forbearance goes over six months we have to do it this way instead of over the phone verbally. For the extension after the six months we do need the application to be able to have it on file and make it like a formal forbearance. I see. Yep, I have it. All right. So just fill that out when you have some time, send it in. It should take about a week or so to hear back if anything else is needed. If nothing is needed you probably just get an email saying that is that has been approved for the extension and if you don't apply for the extension and you apply for other options for us to help you bring the current, you should be getting the response with the 30 days at most. Okay. All right. Any questions about this, about the process, anything for me to issue? Yeah. So, so, um, okay, so with this application, um't I don't know what the other options are short of I don't want to give up my home it will depend it will honestly depend on your situation so if the hardship is not resolved which you'll be you are not ready to resume payments yet we're going to review you for an extension of the forbearance. That's the only thing that we can give you. Now, the loan term options will come when you're ready to resume payments, because we don't want to give you an option for you to resume payments, and then you default again, and then you're no longer going to have that option. Because we can only do it every 12 months. So, yeah, so if the hardship is result, result, we'll give you deferral of the of the payment where we take the payment is that moves them to the end of the loan and just bring your current or a modification which it's similar to the deferral but it changes the term also the terms of the loan because instead of putting it at the end it's just rolls it into the same loan so it'll make it lawn longer so it's different options you can qualify for when the hardship is resolved and you're ready to resume payments but if we give you those now and then you default again you're no longer gonna have those and then it's basically gonna set you off of default. I got you. Okay that's that answers my question, that was my question. No problem. Anything else you can think of or? No, I'm gonna take a look at the at the application. I do have it. Okay, right, so it's gonna take a while so I'm gonna. No problem. Yeah, thank you so much for taking my call then. You have a good rest of you there, happy new year. Okay, thank you, you too. Thank you, buddy.