Thank you for calling valid mortgage. My name is Jacob. Agent ID 1230. Who do I have the pleasure of speaking with today? I'm sorry. What was your name? Jacob? Yes. Hi, Jacob. My name is Albert Hsu. Okay. Do you have a loan number so I can pull up that account? No. I've been told that the mortgage got transferred to you. I know this is not your fault, but they never gave me a loan number and so I'm trying trying to figure out how to make payments when I don't have a loan number. It's incredibly irritating. Do you have the old loan numbers? I can pull it up on my end with that. They just set up a loan, so I'm not sure what the number is. Is there any other way to look it up, or you can't do anything? What's the property address? Now, hold on. It's 1605 Labrador Drive in Columbia, Missouri. Can you spell the name of the street? Labrador, like the dog, L-A-B-R-A-D-O-R drive. Just a moment. Okay here, and then I do just have to let you know that the call may be monitored and they're recorded for quality. Great. Now please take a complaint that that I was told that my that my mortgage was sold to a new to Valen and I never got a mortgage number. So that's the number one thing I need from you guys. And can you verify the last four digits of your social? Two three zero seven. And can you verify the date of birth? I'm ten twenty six seventy four. I do just have to just make sure we have the most up to date contact information for you regarding the transfer. So phone number I have listed here is five one three five eight four one0-0 is what I have on file. Nope. Second, I'll just go ahead and edit that. And what's the better contact number for you? 7-5-7-3-5-4-2-3-7-7. All right. And then email address I do show is scuba hsu at gmail dot com. That's correct. I have another call in five minutes, too, so I can't wait to. Yeah, I'm sorry, I'm just, I just had some questions I have to ask, and then mailing address. I understand. I just, go ahead. Yeah, the mailing address I do show is 39, sorry, 7935 Ashley View Drive, Cincinnati, Ohio 45227. That is correct. And yes, I do show that the loan did transfer on December 1st to us and I do have that new loan number. That would be great. When you're ready. Yep. Yep, so that's going to be 1101106941. I'm going to read that back to you. I've got 1-1-0-1-1-0-6-9-4-1. That is correct. Okay. Please confirm the mailing address so that I can get them to send the text to. Yeah, yes please. Yep, so it's going to be Valen Mortgage Inc. Yeah. And it's going to be P.O. Box 660043. Okay. They never gave me that. They gave me a Gemini Drive in Beaverton. Yeah, that is a general mailing address. So, should I be sent it to that or the P.O. Box you're going to give me? The P.O. Box that I'm mentioning. Okay, I have not that nowhere. Okay, what's the P.O. Box? So, Valentine's mortgage, Inc., and then P.O. Box 660043, Dallas, Texas, 75266. All right, well, this is extremely poor. And I know it's not your fault. So you said P.O. Box here. So you said P.O. Box 660043 in Dallas, Texas. And you said 75266. Is that right? That is correct. OK, so that's nowhere in any of the materials that I received. They gave me a business mailing address of 9450 Southwest Gemini Drive in Beaverton, Oregon, 97008. But do not send it to there, right? Yeah, don't send it to there. That's just sending correspondence or anything like that. That's not a payment address. But actually, they told me that that's a payment address in the message I got. Yeah, that's not the payment address. I am so incredibly irritated. That is really erroneous. Wow, okay. Well, I will send a complaint letter saying that to the people who sent me this email. Thank you for your time. You've been wonderful. But again, this is very, very poor business practice from the people who I get the notice of mortgage servicing of. Thank you for your time. You're very welcome, you have a great rest of your day. You too, bye.