Thank you so much for having me. Thank you so much. Thank you so much for having me make one moment. All right. I just want to give you a quick overview of the account before moving forward and do show you active enough forbearance plan, which is actually the reason for my call today. Accountants contractula 58 days past two. I showed the harsher was due to the unemployment initially. Is you with you on that on the unemployment and the forbearance because it looks like the forbearance is coming to an end. Towards the end of January. So I wanted to see what you plan is. I have a callback request scheduled from you from last week and I'm following up on that. And that's what it looks like he was on regards to the forbearance plan. Yeah. Yeah, someone had called me and I missed the call. So I called back. So yeah, I know that it's over at the end of January. And it should be, I think I'm paid up through November through October. October, yes. November, December, and January. And then February will be due as a February 1st. Is I understanding correct? Correct. Yes. Yes ma'am. And now, do you need an extension of death events? Are you still going through hardship? Or do you think you'll be ready to resume payments on February? As of now, I'm still going through the hardship. I'm looking at a temp job, which is maintaining my household bills, but it doesn't have enough to cover in full mortgage. But I am, excuse me, I'm planning to pay at least two months up in January. I'm going to go ahead and finish it and I will send you an application because regardless if we're doing an extension of the forbearance or if you want to apply for a long term options you will need to fill out that application that I send you. I'm sending it over to you email so you should be getting it within the next few minutes if you haven't already. Feel out the application when you have some time, maybe this weekend or during this week, please feel out the application and it should give you an option there to put your hardship status as well, you know, so it's just who was going on basically and then will review based on that because the hardships don't go in, most likely will review for an extension. But usually when the forbearance goes over six months, we have to do it this way instead of over the fund like verbally. For the extension after the six months, we do need the application to be able to have room file and make it like a formal forbearance. All right, so just fill that out when you have some time centered in should take about a week or so to hear back. If anything else is needed, if nothing is needed, you probably just get an email saying that is that has been approved for the extension. And if you if you don't apply for the extension and you apply for other options for us to help you bring a current, you should be in the response within 30 days, I'm most. Okay. All right. Any questions about these, about the process, anything for maintenance? Yeah, so. Okay, so with this application, I don't know what the other options are. I don't want to give it my home. It will depend. It will honestly depend on your situation. So if the HRSA is not resolved, which there will be you and not ready to resume payments yet, we're going to review you for an extension of the forbearance. That's the only thing that we can give you. Now the long term options will come when you're ready to resume payments because we don't want to give you an option for you to resume payments and then you default again and then you're no longer going to have that option because we can only do it every 12 months. So yeah, so if the hardship is resolved, we'll give you either a deferral of the payment and where take the payment as I move them to the end of the loan and just bring a current or a modification which it's similar to the deferral, but it changes the terms of the loan because instead of putting it at the end, it just rolls it into the same loan, so it'll make you long longer. So it's different options. You can qualify for when the hardship is resolved when you're ready to resume payments. But if we give you those now and then you default again, you're not longer going to have those. And then there's basically going to set you off of default. I gotcha. Okay. That answers my question. That was my question. No problem. Anything else you can think of or? No, I'm going to take a look at the application. I'll do have it. Okay. Sounds good. Thank you so much for taking my call then. You have a good rest of your day. Happy New Year. Okay. Thank you. You too. Thank you. Bye.