My name is Laura, my agent IDS, 1, 3, 2, 1. May I have you first and your last name? Yeah, my first name is Surrey, S-E-R-O-Y. Are you the account holder? No, the account holder was Jerry of Clark. He has passed away. Okay, I'm sorry to hear that. Ginger and I have been trying to work with the service team to get a, from a couple weeks now, a payoff figure for the title company for a pending closing. Okay, and I can give you the information and where to send to request. Well, again, I'm responding with this email communications back and forth here with us. With your services team. Okay. The last one I got was today from Salinda. I'm not sure what that is, Master. I'm going to be able to pull anything without you being authorized on the account. So if they're in need to talk to Ginger. I don't have those names on the account. So we've talked to other agents already concerning this mortgage. And again, there's a request in. And we've been doing email communications. Can you please? Yeah. And proof of death, see the information once we see the information. Then we can go into the accounts or but I don't see any details that are being updated with the authorization. That's right now. I'm sorry. Well, I don't understand because we've already called before and we've spoke with actually agents a couple of times Jasmine on the phone, Caesar. I've been logging on the phone calls and then there's emails coming back and forth with Ginger. Okay. So I don't understand why you can't we can't go any further there right now. Yeah, because can't you look up that request number? What's the request number that they're giving you? 7034829. Yeah, okay. Now it's saying it's pending, sir. That's what it says. Yes, that's correct. Yes. Yes. Okay. Do you see the communication? No, it's just telling me that this ticket is pending, but yes, I do see the ticket. It's still in process right now. Yeah, right. And the latest email we get, okay, the email I just got, we got today, wants two more documents, okay, because we've already sent them the death certificate. And we've also sent documents that Ginger is the, the personal representative of the estate. Now, well, what they're asking for to complete this. Ginger, being a successor in interest, she needs to supply proof of ownership. Please provide all pages of the recorded deed. And the second bullet point is the copy of your government issue photo ID. Now, one of my questions is, is that requiring Ginger to show her photo ID? I would send it, yes. And if not, you can always reply to Celinda who's requesting it and ask her that question. Okay, you don't have a way. I'm not sure about the recorded deed about getting, you know, I don't know what steps I needed to get that for Melinda. Yeah, I'm not just sure either sir. All I know is that our support team. All right. I don't just respond to the email. Okay. Yes, Melinda, if we'll send, I'll leave the information. I'm so sorry, but I do see it. So if you're an able or should I say, don't understand just advice of what it is you can send and what you cannot send, she'll let you know if it's accepted or not accepted or what other documents she can send. I'm going to send her the, I can send her the photo ID. But we still have, then we'll still have a question about how we're able to send the recorded deed. I mean, you are, you know, institution keeps throwing roll blocks and we're just trying to get through on the closing of the property, but we can't get started until we get a pay-off figure and Every time you know to get the pay-off figure We're going you make us jump through all kind of loops here and it's a very first principle a couple weeks now And that's why I found every day because I am you know I'm gonna hang up with you I will smart to the email and give her one of the two items I believe and then We'll have to take her from there. All right, I'm going to hang up with you. I will sponsor the email and give her one of the two items, I believe, and then we'll have to take her from there. All right, thank you. Yes. No problems. Have a good rest of your day. Thank you for your time.