Hi, thank you for calling Valley Mortgage. My name is Charlotte, agent ID number 1152. Pluto has a pleasure of speaking with. Charlotte, this is a Roman for the insurance service department. On a recorded line for quality training purposes. What's a half button in? How are you? Charlotte, I'm doing well. How about yourself? Man, one of your agents made me mad today. Oh, no, that wasn't me. I could tell you that. No, it wasn't you. It was one of the people on your side, though. Oh, yeah, I'm not going to stick for everybody. I speak for myself. Yep. Nope. I like good dude. What's happening? What's going on? I have an upset customer. So here it goes. It's not a name. It's not one of us. It's the customer now. Mr. Francisco Hernandez, low number, 92, 95, 40, 98, 40. He wants to discuss his escrow account. Did you advise him that I'm going to have to validate his identity when you transfer? No, but I think it'll be fine. I mean, he's already upset. Roman, you're really trying to give me a trouble today. I took the heat. You know, I took part of the heat. You could take the other part. Good. Good. Good. Let me bring it over. I'll get it. I got it. Hi, thanks, Carla. Mr. Hernandez. Sir. Yeah, go ahead. OK, I have Charla from a customer service department. She's going to be taking care of you regarding your escrow questions. OK, just to remind you, we are on a record call. Charla, go ahead Hi, this is Charlotte, agent ID number 1152 here at Valon Mortgage on a recorded line. Who do I have the pleasure of speaking with? Francesco Hernandez. How are you doing today, Francesco? I'm sorry. Thank you. It's okay, Roman, I'm trying to figure it out. I'm trying to get insurance. I was gonna do insurance with a company that shows on your system, but they were quoting me something different, something that I call DP1, which basically, it takes a lot of the coverage if you want to put that from HO3. I don't know why they do that, why they didn't tell me anything about it. But anyway, so I told a couple of places around and I found one that is a lot more. But it covers me some. So anyway, I wanted to find out he wasn't able to tell me how much in my escrow. When I look at my account, I couldn't see it because it shows that they already have withdrawal the money or something like that. And I didn't approve anything. And I'm trying to talk to these people. So they're supposed to be sending you the papers or the insurance or whatever is that you guys need in order to put it in the system. And with the remaining of the escrow, I guess you guys divided that into monthly payments or something like that, right? Yes and no. Ashker is a little tricky. Okay. Let me go ahead and verify the account with you in your identity. And then I'll be more than happy to go ahead and take a look at what we have on file and what's notated on the account to be able to better assist and answer your questions and concerns regarding the escrow. Is that okay? Okay. Yeah, go ahead. Okay, perfect. So could you verify for me the last four of your social? A six to six. Thank you. And then the property zip code. Three, two, seven or three. Thank you for that. Let me get over here and see what's going on. All right. Okay, so I do see it was listed as loggerhead and that was the policy looks like it is that either renew or expire tomorrow. But then I have one listed as people's trust that takes effect tomorrow. Yeah, that's the one I'm that's the one I'm constantly in right now. The people's trust. Yeah, that's the one I told them to stop because they are that's a low. I don't know when I was going through it. It was not covering anything. I don't know why they submitted it when I didn't call them to. So I'm talking to another company. Her name is Megan. I don't know why they submitted when I didn't call them to So I'm talking to another company Her name is Megan. I don't remember the name of a company is little Little insurance or something like that little story insurance Okay, but they already should have sent you some stuff because we've been dealing with this since the 10th and So I don don't know what you guys have, but what is the process of it? Okay. Yeah, sure. Now, did she advise you if she sent in that document with request for payment for that policy? Did she send it to vellan at ihaveinsurance.com? I don't know. Okay. So we need to find that out. Okay. Now, as far as the other policy getting paid, not a big deal, because once you've notified them that you're canceling that policy, they're going to have to issue you a refund. And then I always recommend once you get that refund, put it right back into the asker account. Okay, currently the asker account balances. Wait, wait. Wait, number one. I'm not going to request anything because I have not paid anything. Right? Okay, but if you're canceling the policy that we just submitted to to today, for $1887. Right, but you submitted a payment. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. You're submitting a payment that I didn't ask you to submit it. No, because the insurance. I didn't. No, I didn't. No, no, the press is incorrect. Whatever they want. And it is between you and them. It doesn't have nothing to do with me. One thing is for me to be looking at quotes and the other thing is for me to approving anything. Okay, I didn't approve. But did they notify you that they were increasing your premium? Because they sent us the insurance company. They sent us the request to pay out the policy, probably a month ago. They typically send it out about a month. Are you talking about a local head? No, I'm talking about the people's trust. That's who we just paid. People trust. People trust is the one that if a nam is taking, that's the company that is under your website, under your system. Okay. And this was about a week ago. Okay. Not even that. This was like four or five days ago. I look into it. They call me. I look at the number. He showed me something. He sends something to me. I start reviewing them to see exactly what it was. Okay, I didn't approve anything. He has sent me a good face. Everybody in there and ask for a quote. And that's what I did. I asked for a quote. I have not signed any documents. I haven't signed anything. That's why when I went into my account to look at how much escrow I have to compare it with whatever they're calling me on this company that I'm working with, I see that it says negative 232. So I called the number from Valon, but it confirmed me directly to this guy that I was talking to. I didn't know he was the insurance company, but I'm calling a loan number. So anyway, so I say why you guys took? Why do you guys request for money that I have not approved? I didn't ask you for it. Oh, we were doing whatever is that they say, but no problem because the money have not gone through year or whatever. Do you want me to make a stop payment? And I say, what I haven't even asked you to even do anything, all I asked was a quote. Anybody can ask for a quote, you know, but I'm not approving anything. And you are absolutely correct in that you can ask for a quote. But they wouldn't have sent a request for a payment. If there wasn't something agreed upon technically and we wouldn't have sent a payment out. They've been calling me for the last four days. Let's do this. I'm going to place you on a brief hold, and I'm going to do some digging to the accounts. So bear with me a few moments. All right, Francis, are you still there? One second. One second. One second. Yeah, go ahead. Okay. So after speaking with an agent over at our Insurance Services team, I got a little bit better understanding of what's going on. So yes, people's choice is considered a lender's choice type of insurance. Why they sent a request for payment with the policy? I don't know. Okay. But I was ensured that this agent could tell that the prior agent did put a code on the account payment to stop that payment. And it's going to freeze that payment from going anywhere. Okay. And the reason for that is because you had indicated to him that you didn't want that policy paid out because you were still shopping around for insurance. Okay. So what I am highly suggesting to you is once you figure out what carrier you're going to go with, you're definitely going to have to have your agent or that company reach out to us so that we can get this updated because the current policy that your coverage is with with loggerhead. It expires tomorrow. Yeah, but she's actually on my other line and she's listening to what you're saying and she said she already submitted all the papers to you guys. Yeah, you can take a few days. But I can send them to you. You can give me a website where I could upload the documents. I can do that right now. I can because it's general information. Email is going to be valen v like Victor a a l o n like nancy at i have insurance dot com or you can upload at i have insurance possible a policy number and a premium amount, so I can reach back out to my insurance services team and have them update your account on their end so that they know when that comes in they're going to go ahead and process for tomorrow. Okay, the phone did cut out a little bit. Could you provide me with the beginning of the policy number up until the 9-1. I've got everything after that. Okay, so Sam Brady 9-1-0-0537-7. And it's going to be 12, 13, 25 to 12, 13 of 26. What's the carrier name? $2,900 is $15 and $2,965.10. All right. Thank you for that. All right. The problem. Okay, Megan. Do you need Megan for anything else? I do not know. Okay. Okay, Megan. Do you need Megan for anything else? I do not know. Okay, okay, Megan. Thank you so much. I quote you if I do. Thank you. Bye bye. All right. So, um, but you have everything you need at this point, right? Correct. I am going to place you on a brief hold and I am going to reach back out to insurance services. So what's going to happen is we're going to have them cancel it, but going out to people's trust. Okay. Okay. So did those funds. Yeah. I, I, I wish I would have done it with you guys because it's supposed to be easier for me. But I don't know the, the, the, the, when, when I started going over the insurance, it looks like I lost a lot of stuff. And then when I was talking to different people, they said, yeah, but why are you renting the property? And I was like, no, I even it. So why are they giving you a DP1 and another issue 3? So I don't know nothing about insurance. I don't know if you know what I'm talking about. I do. It's the way they had your property listed. They assumed that it was a rental property and not a primary resident. Why? I've been there now for... I don't know. It's 2015. I couldn't tell you that. I honestly couldn't. But let me place you on a brief hold. I'm going to reach out to insurance services. Let them know that that code 7 on that other payment. We need to adjust that to stop payment, cancel payment. And then I'm going to provide them with the information she gave me so that they can notate that when that comes in that payment needs to go out okay so you information that Megan gave me. So unfortunately, he is going to have to reach out to her with you on the line so that he can obtain the same information from her that she just provided me. But I'm going to go ahead and note on the account on my end and send it to our internal insurance for you. Okay. Okay. So that she has been information, but you have the number or that he have the number? I don't have that for Megan. No, you'll have to give him Megan's contact number so he can call her. Okay. Okay. I do apologize. Okay. I'll go ahead and leave you with the insurance services agent. Okay. All right. Thank you. What, what, what, what your name again? My name is Charlotte. Charlotte, okay. Thank you so much. You're welcome. Okay.