I'm still in the market to see how we do it today. Hi, how are you doing today? I'm doing good. Good to hear. Let me open up your call. I just see that you came in verified to live ER system. Thank you for that. It's caused monitoring, recorded for treating and quality purposes. One second. And I also see that alone is assigned to an agent in order to provide you with the most accurate information I need to transfer you over before I do so. Let me go ahead and open this up and I do see here that we received an incomplete mortgage assistance application for the 65, 65, these best do? Yes. Okay. And can add the reason for your dealing quantity before we get started? Well, it was because of the medical expenses and bills. But yeah, I was calling because I, when the forbearance ends, I was just wanting to see what I could do other than extending it. Do you want to extend it, correct? Well, I'm just saying before, said that we could do a lower pilot. Okay, so where do you stand there right now where your delinquent with your hardship? We got most about it cleared up. Awesome. Are you working now? Yeah. Awesome. And you're living your home, correct? Yes. Let me go ahead and see your forbearance is coming to an end and complete missing items and able to verify your income please provide current pay stub hold on this change for Chris Brown. That's what you're seeing. Okay. Well, if I wanted to put the forbearance in and start my payments again, then I wouldn't have to complete that right. Oh, those are good questions. I'm not sure I'm not enough department. I'm one of the transferals work. Let me see if I have an nobody available right now for you. So I'm going to have to go ahead and put a call back so they can give you a call once they are available. Okay. So bear with me, Amanda, Amanda, Graham, okay, four, three, nine, three, four, nine, four, six, eight, two, eight, nine, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, yes. They're gonna call you back as soon as they are available. Okay. So I did put for like a half 45 minutes to an hour for them to call you back. Okay. Okay. So hopefully they done by then. It's going to become over my E55 phone number. Okay. Okay. We're all saying anything else I can do to assist you. I love you. Awesome. Well, you have a great rest of your day at the end of my call to be a pre-survey. Okay.