Thank you for calling out the mortgage. This is James, age and ID number 10, 30 on a recorded line. Who do I have the posters speaking with today? Yes, hi. My name is Juanas, you went to a classroom. Thank you for that. I do see that you're fully authenticated through the IDR system. How can I help you out today? Yes, I'm going just to ask about the PMI removal. I don't know if we qualify yet or I don't know what I need to do. Yeah, because that would take a look. Okay. I just wanted to confirm some quick contact information. The 941. Yeah, 941. Sorry, 941. Chocolate Street in Ozon Park, New York, is that still the correct mailing address? Yes. Yes, it is. All righty. And then the email address, I have your first and last name, 29 at gmail.com, is that correct? Go, right. Yep. All righty, perfect. So let me take a look here, because oftentimes it does have an automatic termination date, but let me see if there's anything that we would need in order to get to remove the account. Bear with me one moment. Yes, sure. Okay, so it looks like the automatic termination date is October 1st, 2035. But if you're wanting to see if it could remove before then, then I do have an email address that you would be able to submit the request directly to our mortgage insurance team and then they'll be able to let you know if you qualify to have it removed here sooner. What is what is the condition like what if you have I have to like Because the letter that you have sent me it says that we've been paying the mortgage for a year. And without missing any payment, was that like the one condition? Yeah, that is. Yeah, so one of the conditions is we want to make sure that you have a clean payment history. And then we also take a look to at your loan to value ratio. We're looking for it to be at 80% or below. And that'll definitely help get it. That'll help with getting it removed off of the account as well. Okay. I can try. I mean, you know, it doesn't hurt. Yeah, absolutely. And if there's anything else that they need or that would help, they'll definitely be able to explain that in detail for you to help get a removed off of the account. Okay. Great. Okay. So the email address that you'll send the email directly to our insurance team is going to be mortgage. Okay. And then the minus sign. Okay, insurance. Okay, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm always. Okay, mortgage, the minus sign insurance. Okay. At balance.com. Okay. And then I'll repeat it. I'll just make sure you're out of the correct. It's mortgage. The minus sign insurance at valen.com. Okay. And then you adjust essentially include your loan number and the subject line of the email. And then you would be able to ask, hey, I'm looking to get more information about removing my private mortgage insurance. Can you please assess? And then we'll get back and touch with you. I would say within three to five business days, maybe sooner just depending on our caseload. And then we'll kind of give you a little bit more information about that. Okay. All right. Thank you so much. Oh, you're welcome. Did you have any other concerns or questions? I actually have another, I don't know. So when I got the long through the bank, I don't remember the name of the bank, further or something. Did I just help me tell me that I can refinance after certain times? You know, are we like, can we qualify for that yet or not yet? Because the interest rate is higher than. Yeah. So for that part, I'm not 100% sure. So what I would have to do if you wanted to is I can try and see you directly to our lending department and then they would be able to give you more information about interest rates or to see if you qualify for a refinance. I'm going to call back later. Let me take one thing every time. I'll call back. Thank you so much for your help. Oh, you're welcome. There is a survey at the end of the call. I hope you enjoy the rest of your day. OK. Bye.