And from that color. Yes. I just say Arnold would balance more just again, Asian ID 1400 on a recorded line. Can you verify your property address up code? 02864. Okay. Thank you for that. I apologize. I had to call you right back. But I wanted to make sure I made you aware the requirement is going to be for two payments because we have to have a process in month. In two days, you'll be seven months past due. So we can't process it. We won't be able to be able to process it. They're going to deny it out. So I don't want that to happen without you being aware that the requirement is going to be for two payments to be made in order for them to finalize or for them to process it. Are you able to do I help when do I help them make those payments? As soon as possible because once January 1st hit you're going to be due for payments. And it's already been submitted over to the underwriting team as of today. And if they start their review, it's going to get denied out because it's going to be passed the required timeframe. So that could be rather early in their process review. So that could be as early as next was today. As early as next week, pretty much, because Fridays is second. So I would say as early as next week, it could get denied out. That is not fair because no, I can't. That's not fair because I've been speaking to your company for over a month. And they asked me all the questions. I said that I needed to put these payments at the end of the loan. They said, OK. I was under the impression that this was being processed. When I've been speaking to someone, they've been calling me every other week, every week. And I asked for that and they tell me that it's in process. So nobody told me that I needed to make these payments. I don't have to payments. No, I don't have a payment for next week. So I don't think you're being fair to me at all. Okay. So we did reach out because the moderate the excuse me, the payment deferral was requested verbally. And like I mentioned previously, we had to get some. Nobody's called me. Nobody's left me a message. No, we have the card. We have you leave a message. I'm not sure if they left a message or not necessarily not necessarily required to leave a message, but they did call. I'm not going to know that you're calling me if you're not leaving me a message. You're not making any sense. It's the same way you saw us calling now and you answered. You see the number. It's the same number every time. So So we caught on November 20. Do you know how many people call me every day? And every time I call two missed calls, I saw two missed calls and I did call back and I get the collections department and they verify the information, they tell me that it's in profits. I did call twice. So yes, I did speak to someone actually last week and they said that it was in process. They've never told me that they need a verification or additional information. No, I was never being told that. So I'm sorry that you weren't told that then. But you know, as I was going through and submit submitting it over and going through the unright end just as I was finalizing everything after we got out the call. I realized that it's going to get denied out. So if you don't have the two payments then I think the best option would be for you to do an application and possibly see if you can qualify for a modification which won't require you. No I don't want to require you. No, I don't want to do a modification. No, I don't want to do a modification because I am in the program to defer six months. That's because I had a hardship, but I am back now. But you're asking for two payments. That's 25, 2900 times two. So that's over $5,000. Nobody has that kind of money. I mean, nobody I know. I just came out of a hard tip. I'm just not able to do it. I completely understand that. I'm just, I just know that what the requirements are in spite of, uh, well, they're supposed to be submitted a long, uh along about a month ago. So if this is submitted a month ago, I would have not been in this situation. You're submitting this one day before my modification is up. I mean, I don't know how many cases you have, but when you got to my case, I mean, you got to my case on the last day of the year. And that's not fair to me. Are you able to make one payment and I can try and get them to escalate it? I'm not able to make one payment, no, because I have 15 days to make the payment. So I was going to try and make the payment next week. OK, well, I will put that in the communication in the request to them and we will see what the underwriting team says. And I will advise them that it should have been submitted previously. Please. And see if they're able to do anything. I can't make any guarantees that that is going to suffice. But I mean, for yourself in my shoes, it is not fair. Can you please explain to them that I was just notified today that I have to make the payments? I mean, I will absolutely indicate that. But understand that we have been trying to call you as well. I do not have any messages. And every time I had a missed goal, which was twice, I called back and I would not and I would not speak to anybody. Okay. And it was just that and actually they went over my account. They asked me for my information and they told me that it's in process. And if you can see the notes, I'm sure that you're going to verify that. Yes, I don't have a never told me that they needed to verify information for me, for me to be actually submitted an application. I was under the impression because they told me many times that the application is in process that it takes 30 days. Okay. Well, I will submit, I will submit that over. I see that I'm just letting you know the information that I have in front of me and we'll see what the outcome is. Okay. Yes ma'am. All right. Thank you again for taking my call. You're welcome. Okay. Bye.