Thank you for calling valid mortgage. My name is Jacob agent ID 1230 who are the pleasure speaking with today? I'm sorry. What was your name Jacob? Yes. Hi Jacob. My name is Albert Sue HSU. Okay. Do you have a low numbers? I can pull up that account. No. I've been told that the mortgage got transferred to you. I know this is not your fault, but they never give me a low number and so I'm trying to figure out how to make payments when I drive a loan number and credit you're kidding. Do you have the old loan numbers? I can put up my my end with that. They just set up a loan, so I'm not sure what that number is. Is there any other way to look it up or you can't do anything? What's the property address? Now hold on. It's 1605 Labrador Drive in Columbia, Missouri. Can you spell the name of the street? Labrador like the dog, L-A-B-R-A-B-O-R. Drive. Just a moment Okay, and then I do just have to let you know that the call may be monitored and they're recorded for quality. That's a great. Now, please take a complaint that I was told that my mortgage was sold to a new to Valon and I never got a mortgage number. So that's the number one thing I need from you guys. And can you verify the last four digits of your social? Two, three, zero, seven. And can you verify the date of birth? I'm 10, 26, only four. I do just have to just make sure we have the most of the date contact information for you regarding the transfer. So phone number I have listed here is 513 584 100 is what I have no file nope second I'll just go ahead and edit that and what's the better contact number for you seven five seven three five four two three seven seven all right and then email address I do show is scoober hsu at gmail.com. That's correct. All right, let's just give me a second. I have another call in five minutes, too. So I can't wait to have. Yeah, I'm sorry. I'm just, I just has the questions. I have to answer and then mailing address. I understand. Go ahead. Yeah, the mailing address I do show is three nine. Sorry, seven nine, three five, Ashley view drive since an ideal five two two seven that is correct. Here and yes I do show that the loan did transfer it on December 1st to us, and I do have that new loan number. That would be great. What's this when you're ready? Yep. Yeah, so that's going to be 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 6, 9, 4, 1. I'm going to read that back to you. I've got 1, 1,0-1-1-0-6-9-4-1. That is correct. Okay, please confirm the mailing address so that I can get. Yeah. Yes, please. Yep. So it's going to be valent mortgage ink. Yeah. And it's going to be P.O. Box 660043. Okay. They never gave me that. They gave me a Gemini drive in Beaverton. Yeah, that is a general mailing address. So Shelby sent to that or the PO Box are going to give me the PO Box that I'm mentioning. Okay. I have not that nowhere. Okay. What's the PO Box? said PO Box here. So you said PO Box 660043 in Dallas, Texas. And you said seven five two six six is that right? That is correct. Okay. So that's nowhere in any of the materials that I received. They gave me a business mailing address of nine four five zero self of seven I drive in Beaverton, Oregon of nine seven zero zero eight, but do not send it to there, right? Yeah, don't send it to there. That's just a just sending like correspondence or anything like that. That's not a payment address. But actually they told me that that's the payment address in the message like that. Yeah, that's not the payment. I am so incredibly irritated. That is really erroneous. Wow, okay. Well, I will send a complaint letter saying that to the people who sent me this email. Thank you for your time. You've been wonderful, but again, this is very, very poor business practice from the people who I get them notice of mortgage servicing. Thank you for your time. You're very welcome, you have a great rest of your day. You too, bye.