Thank you so much for commenting about in mortgage. My name is Miriam, agent ID 1341. I do want to let you know that this call be monitored or recorded for quality assurance purposes. Could I have a pleasure of speaking with? Hi, I'm Miriam Good morning. This is Samuel from the Insurance Service Center in a recorded line calling in regards of low number 645. 677. 0480. Thank you so much. What does the homeowner stand? Yeah. Mr. Hackam, your own. And, well, he has some questions regarding his escrow balance. It's okay if I transfer the call. Oh, that's fine. You can get them over. Thank you. Thank you. Can you repeat your ID again? I'm sorry. 1, 3, 4, 1. 1, 3, 4, 1. Guys, thanks so much. Thank you. Hello, Mr. Hakam. Yes. Thanks for holding. I got medium here customer service representative. I'm living you in the best hands. Thank you and have a nice day. Thank you. Hi, this is Miriam with Valley Mortgage, agent ID 1341. I do want to let you know that this call be monitored or recorded for quality assurance purposes. Do you mind providing me with your personal last name, please? Yes, I'll hock them. Last thing to run. Thank you so much. Do you mind verifying the last four of our social? 9096. And your date of birth? 1126. 51. Perfect. Thank you so much. Give me one second. And then I was able to pull up the account before I'm able to access it. It does look like you've built equity in your home. Would you be interested in speaking with somebody about that today? No, not today. No problem. And then I do understand that you have questions on your escrow balance. How may I access today? Yeah. So I just want to get this up to date. So the name is back to where it was. Basically what happened? There were two policies. So they made, they made it out twice. A lot of story short. I got the reflect check for one of the policies. So there's only one active policy on file. So I just need to apply that refund check back to the S correct counts and see if there's anything else additional that's needed on top of that to bring the payment back to where it should be instead of going up next month. What is the amount that you received or that you're putting back into the account? Well, let me confirm the amount to be exact. It was it's for 4,895,038 cents. I did look at the I guess escrow statement a lot. It is showing. I'm not mistaken showing the shortage of $5,244.64. That is correct. Okay. So that's what needs to be reapplied back. And then that you guys would reanalyze the escrow's how it works. Yeah, so are you looking to make just a 4895 38 or are you looking to make the shortage amount? No, well, I want to do the shortage that way. It doesn't increase the payment. Okay, so you're looking to do the 50 to 44 64 Yes, Yes. And I was wondering, am I able to schedule that payment to be drafted next week? You can. Yeah. Once the payment is cleared, then that'll be adjusted. It does take about 35 businesses for that to be adjusted. Is that okay with you? That's fine. Yeah, because I think they'll give us enough time. I just, because I deposit a check, I just want to make sure it's officially available before drafting. So if we can schedule it maybe for the 8th of December to get drafted. Okay, and then I do want to let you know that when you pay the shortage amount, your payment does decrease by approximately four hundred thirty seven dollars and five cents. So your payment will approximately Let's see one second it'll go from 29 1901 to approximately 2481 96 Okay, yeah, I think that's where it was Yeah, it was was at 2350 for 50. So it'll still increase slightly, but it will like go back to that specific amount. I'm so sorry you're cutting out what was that. You're like really like cutting out a choppy. Can you hear me okay? Hello? Can you hear me okay? Yeah, so it sounds like you're speaking, you're just like breaking up really bad. I kind of make out what you're saying. I'm sorry. Sorry.