I'll leave all in mortgage. My name is Laura, my agent ID is 1-3-2-1. May I have the first and the last name on the account? Yes, good morning Laura, happy holidays. My name is Vernon, B-E-R-N-O-N-R. Happy holidays, Mr. Vernon, how are you today? Good, yeah. How about you, sir? I'm good, not very many people say happy holiday. Yes, because this season, you know, we got three in a row. Thank you very much. Then New Year's, but not to make your head explode. All right. Oh, my God. Uh, McDonald's, MC D O N A O D. Thank you. And I think they came fully right through the automated service. It's called maybe network recorded for training quality purposes. How can I help calling to find out are we okay on escrow to think? Let me check the escrow. Yes. So we will be making a new escrow analysis not until February of next year. What I am seeing on your escrow account that is positive at this time. So you do have an available balance of $1,143.50 for sensor. Okay. We should have insurance. The property tax has just paid out recently, right? Yes. Uh-huh. So we should have an insurance payment of 11.9. 11 correct, but we'll we'll have two escrow payments by that time. Okay. And the escrow payment is going to be escrow taxes and insurance 1-71-24. You got it. Okay. So my escrow balance right now, I forgot to write that down. Oh, I'm sorry. Let me see it to you again. Let's see. I went into your, it's 11-43.54. 11- sometime in January, right? Yes. Okay. So right now, we got December, 171 in change. I'm just going to round that up to 172, uh, five, seven, 11. So we'll have 13, 15, 54 roughly by the end of December. Yes, sir. And then, uh, the amount that's going out is 1109, I believe, right? Yes, exactly. 1109, yes. All right, so we'll have a cushion in that account. Okay, good. All right, see double check boom, boom, okay. January will be the new insurance company. I'm waiting to find out what's going on with them. I think it's going to be around $11.97 next year. So I've got to find that information out. Okay, escrow is okay. While I have you, Laura can we do a phone payment please? Of course, let's see. And then I'm not to sure if you're okay with the insurance you have right now, but we can help you find cheaper rates for insurance. Are you interested in doing that today? Not really. Okay. I don't want to get into, you know, my credit, I don't want it to go down my credit scores in the mid sevens. And that the other thing that I did want to advise you is that we do have a PNC bank. Are you interested? Not interested, but would you like to make your payment with this bank account? It's either a 67, 97 or 78, 78. Let me check. I have account ending and 78, 78, sir. Is that okay? Yeah. PNC 78, 78. Yes, please. Thank you. Are you not the right user to this bank account, sir? Yes, correct. As of today, December 8, 2025, you are giving valid mortgaging permission to make a one-time electronic debit that is in the amount of $465. 94 cents from the account in the 978-78 for the date of December 8, 2025, correct? Correct. Yes. Please know that due to bank processing, imitate two to four business days to process the payment. If you have any additional questions, I would like to cancel this payment. Please do not hesitate to contact our customer service team for assistance by chat or avellan.com or by phone at e55283690. We are available before 8 p.m. Easter standard time. Am I okay to proceed with this payment? Yeah, I'm not going to cancel it, but yes, correct. Please continue. Thank you. And then I do see that you aren't registered on the website. Would you like me to help you register to make payments on your account? Not really. I basically make my phone payments to you guys and prior to you guys, I always made my phone payments to the people who have the mortgage. Thank you. Would you like a confirmation number for today's payment? Yes, please. Nine six nine nine six five nine eight nine two nine six nine nine six five nine eight nine two yes sir correct okay thank you and once again enjoy the upcoming holiday and happy new year take care now for thank you so much for your time please hope for a brief survey thank you thank you for your time as well