Thank you for calling Valen. This is Carlos, ID 1282. How can I help you? Hey Carlos, this is Matt. I'm calling from the Insurance Service Center here at Valen, employee of M34. How are you doing today? Good. How are you, man? I'm not too bad. It's Friday. You know, we're getting closer to the weekend and holidays too. So I'm actually doing pretty good. That's what I'm saying, you know? Yeah, for sure. Yeah. But let's see here. Oh, let me know when you're ready for that little number. I'm ready. It's going to be 287850-0995. What do you have in the line? We have Candace Bowler from the thing in verified at 2446 North 22nd Avenue Phoenix, Arizona 85009. Essentially there's questions about putting an additional payment into escrow. I was wondering if I could help this per hour today. Yeah, so let me take a look. So I just called to make a payment? Yeah I put additional funds in the escrow it is to pay for insurance, but you know, let's put money to escrow So I figured that's where do you guys come in? Okay, you said it's Kenneth. Um, hello bowler Said Candace bowler is what he said his name was Candace Candace bowler. Yeah, he said his name was Candace bowler. So Okay. All right. Yeah, I'm just going off with this in So I don't probably want anyone gonna get us connected now. Thank you All right, we are connected are you still there Yes, thanks for holding appreciate that so I have Carlos here from our customer service department. You can help us this further with that payment industrial. Do you have any more insurance questions before I depart? I do not. Thank you very much. Excellent. Thank you for calling the insurance service center. You both have a great weekend now. Bye bye. Thank you. Appreciate it. Hi, this is Carlos here with a clientagement ID 1280. And who am I speaking with today? Casey Bowler. Okay, all right. Thank you. Give me one moment. Okay, just for security purposes, can you please verify the last for every social? 0602. Thank you. And can you also verify the property's input please? 85009. Thank you. Okay, perfect. All right, I appreciate you verifying that information. Give me one moment and... Okay. All right, so we're updating our records here. And this phone number that you're calling from, is that the best phone number to have a file for you? For me, yes. Okay do for you today? We recently switched insurance companies and I just need I got a check from The old company and I just need to make a payment into an additional escrow payment. Sure thing, I'd be more than happy to assist you with that request. Okay, and will you be using the account on file that's Bank of America, account any in a 6868? No. Okay. Give me one moment. Okay. So then we can go ahead and process that payment for you. Do you happen to have your routing number and also your checking or savings account with you? I'm calling that up right now. Sure. Let me know if you have any questions. You Okay, we'll do it for a moment, please. Yep. Thank you. Okay, sir, no problem. Okay. I've got the, do you want the accounting number? you you you you you you you you Thanks for calling today. Hope you have yourself happy holidays. Please stand by for our B-Server kit. One moment.