Thank you for calling Ballou Mortgage. My name is Janet, Agent ID 1423. Can I have your full name, please? This is Lisa Walden. courses. Just one moment. How can I help you today? I was calling to see if it was possible to do one deferment on a mortgage payment if that's an option. And what's the reason because you need to have a reason? Yes, our transmission in our car was very expensive to replace and so that's why. Okay. I also see that you have built equity in your home. And there's also the option to connect you with the loan officer. Like, if you would like to make an additional loan, they can assist you on that. Yeah, no. Just a little help would be a blessing. I don't, you know, I don't want to do any loans or anything like that. Just if we could get a, just miss, if we could just, you know, forbearance or, you know, postpone, that would be wonderful. Just if we can add it to the loan or something like that, that would be really helpful. I don't, I don't want to get, we don't want to get a loan or anything. We're trying to pay off the house eventually. Okay, so let me try to find a mortgage assistance. I was just going to say, along with the transmission situation, my husband's in landscape and so so the weather really affects us, and there's been quite a lot of weather. He gets busy after it dries up, but there's only so many hours that you can work, right? Yeah, so his work has been affected by weather as well. Oh, okay. I understand. Okay. But mostly the transmission. Okay. So I'm going to contact you with the mortgage assistance. It's another department to see they will evaluate if they can postpone the, the coming payment for the end of the loan probably. Yes, that would be a blessing. Thank you. Okay, sure. I will put you in a brief hold while I contact them, okay? Just one moment. Thank you, thank you. Hello, Lisa. Hi. I'm going to transfer the call to Ms. Angelique. She will be able to evaluate your case. I'll help you. Okay. Just one moment. Thank you for calling valid. My name is.