Thank you for calling Valon Mortgage. My name is Alexia. My agent ID is 1424. I do want to let you know that you're being recorded a monitor for training quality purposes. May I have your first and last name? Well, first name is A.N. Last name is Wynn, G-U-Y-E-N. Allow me one moment to open up your account. Hello. Yes, ma'am. Zara is pulling up your account. So you came through fully authenticated. How may I assist you? So last time we made a payment clearly on the little payment ticket to be added to additional principal. So when we got the next bill payment, the upcoming one, it says that interest was taken out of it. Why was it not added to principal like we added onto the line? It should have been. All right. So I see the payment. I see 1,092 did go to interest and 155.77 went towards principle. But you just wanted the whole 15 into additional principal? Yes. There's only the line for additional principal, and we just put 15K for additional principal, not for interest or any other payment. We had a separate check for that monthly payment and then a separate rate just for the principal. All right. Allow me just one moment to get this reallocated correctly. I'm going to place you on a hold, and I will take care of this for you, OK? All right. All right. Thank you. All right. I did get that reallocation ticket submitted. Allow two to three business days to see it reflect on your account. Is there anything else I can assist you with today? So it will show on the next bill or will it show on the next, will it just show digitally onto the account? It should show on your next bill as well. You would see the principal balance down more. Yes, ma'am. So what that happened every time I add anything to principal, I'd have to call you guys regarding that. Typically, no. But if you make your payments online, you can specifically choose where you want the money going to. Like if you pay on your online website. But when you send a check, sometimes it does, you know, go to the incorrect places. Or if you call in, you can always make a payment directly with us, and we could make sure it goes into the correct place. Okay. Well, thank you for that. Thank you. No problem. Is there anything else I can do for you? I believe that is it. All right. I hope you have a great rest of your day and there will be a brave survey at the end of the call. All right. Thank you.