Calling Von Mortgage, my name is Flora, my agent, IDS1321. May I have your first and your last name? Yeah, my first name is Ceri, S-E-R-R-Y. Last name is Melo, M-E-L-L-O. And also Ginger Melo, G-I-N-G-E-R, M-E-L-L-O calling on request 703-4829 concerning Jerry F. Clark. I'm sorry, where are you calling from? Where am I calling from? Yes, sir. Are you the account holder? No, the account holder was Jerry F. Clark. He has passed away. Ginger and I have been trying to work with the service team to get a, for over a couple of weeks now, a payoff figure for the title company for a pending closing. Okay. and I can give you the information and where to send your request. Well, again, I'm responding with this email communications back and forth here with us, with your services team. Okay. The last one I got was today from Salinda. I'm not sure what that is, Master. I'm unable to pull anything without you being authorized on the account. So if there are... Do you need to talk to Ginger? I don't have those names on the account. So... Well, we've talked to other agents already concerning this mortgage. And again, there's a request in, and we've been doing email communications. We've sent proof of death. Ginger is the state't see the information. Once we see the information, then we can go into the accounts here. But I don't see any details that are being updated with the authorization as of right now. I'm sorry. Well, I don't understand because we've already called before and we've spoke with actually agents a couple of times, Jasmine on the phone, Cesar. I've been logging all the phone calls and then there's emails coming back and forth with Ginger. So I don't understand why you can't, we can't go any further right now. Can't you look up that request number? What's the request number that they're giving you? 7-0-3-4-8-2-9. Yeah, okay. Now, it's saying it's pending, sir. That's what it's saying right now. Yes, that's correct. Yes, it's saying it's pending. Yes. Okay. Do you see the communication? No, it's just telling me that this ticket is pending. But yes, I do see the ticket. It's still in process right now. Yeah, right. And the latest email we... Okay. The email we got today wants two more documents, okay, because we've already sent them the death certificate. And we've also sent documents that Ginger is the personal representative of the estate, okay? Now, what they're asking for to complete this, Ginger being successors in interest, she needs to supply proof of ownership. Please provide all pages of the recorded deed. And the second bullet point is a copy of your government issue photo ID. Now, one of my questions is, is that requiring Ginger to show her photo ID? I would send it yes. And if not, you can always reply to Celinda who's requesting it and ask her that question. Okay. Now, I'm not sure about the recorded deed about getting that, you know, I don't know what steps I needed to get that for Salinda. Yeah, I'm not too sure either, sir. All I know is that our support team is... All right, I'll just respond to the email. Okay. Yes, Salinda, if we'll send the information, I'm so sorry, but I do see it. So if you're unable, or should I say, don't understand just advice of what it is you can send and what you cannot send, she'll let you know if it's accepted or not accepted or what other documents she can actually send. I'm going to send her the photo ID, but we still have a question about how we're able to send the recorded deed. I mean, you know, institution keeps throwing roadblocks, and we're just trying to get through on the closing of the property, but we can't get started until we get a payoff figure and Every time you know to get the payoff figure We're going to make those jump through all kind of loops here, and it's getting very frustrating a couple weeks now And that's why I sound irritated because I am you know I'm gonna hang up with you I will sponsor the email and give her one of the two items, I believe, and then we'll have to take it from there. All right, thank you. Yes, no problem, sir. Have a good rest of your day. Thank you for your time.