Hi, thank you for calling Vala mortgage. My name is Charlotte agent ID number 1152 who do I have the pleasure of speaking with? Charlotte this is Roman from the sharing service department on a recorded line for quality training purposes What's happening How are you Charlotte? I'm doing well. How about yourself? Man one of your agents made me mad today. Oh, no, that wasn't me. I could tell you that. No, it wasn't you. It was one of the people on your side, though. Oh, yeah. I'm not going to speak for everybody. I speak for myself. Yeah, nope. I like you. Good dude. What's happening? What's going on? I have an upset customer. So here we go. It's not a name. It's not one of us. It's the customer now. Mr. Francisco Hernandez, loan number 9295409840. He wants to discuss his escrow account. Oh, God. Did you advise him that I'm going to have to validate his identity when you transfer him? No, but I think it'll be fine. I mean, he's already upset. Roman, you're really trying to give me in trouble today. Hey, I took the heat. You know, I took part of the heat. You could take the other part. Good. Good. Let me bring him over. No, get him transferred over. I'll get it. I got it. All right. Thanks, Carla. Hold on. Mr. Hernandez, sir. Yeah, go ahead. Okay. I have Charlotte from a customer service department. She's going to be taking care of you regarding your escrow questions. Okay. Okay. Just to remind you, we are on a recorded call. Charlotte, go ahead. Hi, this is Charlotte, agent ID number 1152 here at Valen Mortgage on a recorded line. Who do I have the pleasure of speaking with? Francisco Hernandez. How are you doing today, Francisco? I just wanted to say thank you for calling the General Service Center, Mr. Francisco. Bye-bye, Charlotte. Sorry. Thank you. That's okay, Roman. Thank you. All right. Sorry about that. That's good. How are you doing today? Okay. Okay. I'm trying to figure it out. I'm trying to get insurance. I was going to do insurance with a company that it shows on your system. But they were they were quoting me something different, something with a call DP1, which basically it takes a lot of the coverage if you want to put it like that from HO3. I don't know why they do that and why they didn't tell me anything about it. But anyway, so I go a couple of places around and I found one that is a lot more, but it covers me some. So, anyway, I wanted to find out he was not able to tell me how much is my escrow. When I look at my account, I couldn't see it because it shows that they already have withdrawn the money or something like that, and I didn't approve anything. And I'm trying to talk to these people so they supposed to be sending you the papers or the insurance or whatever is that you guys need to put it in the system. And with the remaining of the escrow, I guess you guys divided that into monthly payments or something like that, right? Yes and no. escrow is a little tricky, OK? Let me go ahead and verify the account with you and your identity, and then I'll be more than happy to go ahead and take a look at what we have on file and what's notated on the account to be able to better assist and answer your questions and concerns regarding the escrow. Is that okay? Okay. Yeah, go ahead. Okay, perfect. So could you verify for me the last four of your social? Six to six. Thank you. And then the property zip code. 3 2 7 0 3. Thank you for that. Let me get over here and see what's going on. All right. Okay, so I do see it was listed as loggerhead and that was The policy looks like it is set to either renew or expire tomorrow. But then I have one listed as people's trust that takes effect tomorrow. Yeah, that's the one I'm counseling right now. The people's trust? Yeah, that's the one I'm that's the one I'm canceling right now. The people's trust. Yeah, that's the one I told them to stop because they are. I don't know when I was going through it, it was not covering anything. I don't know why they submitted when I didn't call them to so I'm talking to another company Her name is Megan. I don't remember the name of the company is little Little insurance or something like that little star insurance Okay, but they already should have send you some stuff because we've been dealing with this since the 10th and So I don don't know what you guys have or what is the process of it. Okay. Yeah, sure. Now, did she advise you if she sent in that document with request for payment for that policy? Did she send it to Valan at Ihaveinsurance.com? I don't know. Okay. So we need to find that out. Okay. Now, as far as the other policy getting paid, not a big deal, because once you've notified them that you're canceling that policy, they're going to have to issue you a refund. And then I always recommend once you get that refund, put it right back into the escrow account. Okay, currently the escrow balances. Wait, wait, wait. Number one, I'm not going to request anything because I have not paid anything. Right. Okay, but if you're canceling the policy that we just submitted payment to today for $1,887. Right, but you submitted a payment that I didn't wait, wait, wait, wait. You're submitting a payment that I didn't ask you to submit it. No, because the insurance company. I didn't, I didn't know. No, no, the president can request whatever they want. And it is between you and them. It doesn't have nothing to do with me. One thing is for me to be looking at quotes. And the other thing is for me to approving anything. I didn't approve all I did. But did they notify you that they were increasing your premium? Because they sent us the insurance company. They sent us the request to pay out the policy probably a month ago. They typically send it out about a month. Are you talking about a loggerhead? No, I'm talking about the people's trust. That's who we just paid. People's trust is the one that if I'm not mistaken, that's the company that is under your website, under your system. Okay. And this was about a week ago. Okay. Not even that. This was like four or five days ago. I look into it. They call me. I look at the number. He showed me something. He sent something to me. I start reviewing them to see exactly what it was. Okay. I didn't approve anything. He have sent me a good fate as everybody has so far at this point, but nobody has requested any payment from you guys. So the fact that you guys work together with them or whatever it is that you have, that doesn't have nothing to do with me. I'm asking for quotes. You offer on your page the ability to click in there and ask for a quote. And that's what I did. I asked for a quote. I have not signed any documents. I haven't signed anything. That's why when I went into my account to look at how much escrow I have to compare it with whatever they're calling me on this company that I'm working with, I see that it says negative 232. So I call the number from Valon, but it transferred me directly to this guy that I was talking to. I didn't know he was the insurance company, but I'm calling my loan number. So anyway, so I say, why do you guys request for money that I have not approved? I didn't ask you for it. Oh, we were doing whatever it is that they say, but no problem because the money has not gone through yet or whatever. And you, do you want me to, to, to make a stop payment? And I say, well, I haven't even asked you to even do anything. All I asked was, was, was a quote. Anybody can ask for a quote, you know, but I'm not approving anything. And you are absolutely correct in that you can ask for a quote, but they wouldn't have sent a request for payment if there wasn't something agreed upon technically and we wouldn't have sent payment out. They've been calling me for the last four days. Let's do this. I'm going to place you on a brief hold and I'm going to do some digging to the account. So bear with me a few moments. All right, Francisco, are you still there? Okay, one second. Yeah, go ahead. Okay, so after speaking with an agent over at our insurance services team, I got a little bit better understanding of what's going on. So yes, people's choice is considered a lender's choice type of insurance. Why they sent a request for payment with the policy, I don't know. But I was insured that this agent could tell that the prior agent did put a code on the account payment to stop that payment. And it's going to freeze that payment going anywhere Okay, and the reason for that is okay is because you had indicated to him That you didn't want that policy paid out because you were still shopping around for insurance Okay So what I am highly suggesting to you is Once you figure out what carrier you're going to go with, you're definitely going to have to have your agent or that company reach out to us so that we can get this updated because the current policy that your coverage is with, with logger loggerhead it expires tomorrow Yeah, but but she's actually on my other line and she's listening to what you're saying and she said she already submitted all the papers to you guys Yeah, you can take a few days But I can send them you can give me a Website where I could upload the documents. I can do that right now. Okay. Can you give us that information, please? I can, because it's general information. Email is going to be Valen, V, like Victor, A-L--O-N like Nancy, at ihaveinsurance.com, or you can upload at ihaveinsurance.com forward slash Valen. I've already got the email ready and if possible a policy number and a premium amount so I can reach back out to my insurance services team and have them update your account on their beginning of the policy number up until the 9-1. I've got everything after that. It doesn't say I'm being like boy. Okay. So Sam Brady 9-1-005377. Correct. And it's going to be 12-13-25 to 12-13 of 26. What's the carrier name? That's correct. It's a Benchmark Specialty Insurance Company. Benchmark Specialty Insurance Company. And what's that name? Benchmark is is one more. Yep, I got it. Okay. All right, and then I'll go ahead and get this information. Oh, yeah, that would be good. What's the premium amount? Okay. $2,965.10. All right. Thank you for that. All right. No problem. Okay. Do you need to make them for anything else? I do not know. Okay. Okay. Megan. Thank you so much. I called you if I need you. Okay. Thank you. Bye bye. All right. So, um, but you have everything you need at this point, right? Correct. I am going to place you on a brief hold and I am going to reach back out to insurance services so what's going to happen is we're going to have them cancel that payment going out to people's trust okay okay so did those funds yeah I wish I would have done it with you guys because it's supposed to be easier for me but I don't know the, when I started going over the insurance, it looks like I lost a lot of stuff, you know, and then when I was talking to different people, they say, yeah, but why are you renting the property? And they're like, no, I ain't finished. So why are they giving you a DP1 and not an H03? So I don't know nothing about insurance. I don't know if you know what I'm talking about. I do. It's the way they had your property listed. They assumed that it was a rental property and not a primary resident. Why? I've been there now for 2015. I couldn't tell you that I honestly couldn't but let me place you on a brief hold I'm going to reach out to insurance services. Let them know that that code seven on that other payment We need to adjust that to stop payment cancel payment and then I'm going to provide them with the information she gave me So that they can notate that when that comes in that payment needs to go out okay so you information that Megan gave me. So, unfortunately, he is going to have to reach out to her with you on the line so that he can obtain the same information from her that she just provided me. But I'm going to go ahead and note on the account on my end and send it to our internal insurance for you. OK. OK, so does she have the information? Does she have the number? Or does he have the number? Um, I don't have that for Megan. No, you'll have to give him Megan's contact number so he can call her. Okay. Okay. I do apologize. I'll go ahead and leave you with the insurance services agent. Okay. All right. Thank you. What was your name again? My name is Sharla. Sharla. Okay, Sharla. Thank you so much. You're welcome. Bye-bye.