Holly Velen mortgage. My name is Laura. My agent ID is 1321. May I have the first and the last time on the account? Yes. Good morning, Laura. Happy holidays. My name is Vernon. V-E-R-N-O-N-R. Happy holidays, Mr. Vernon. How are you today? Good. How about yourself? I'm good. Not very many people say happy holidays. Well, because the season, you know, we got three in a row. Thanksgiving, Christmas, then New Year's. It's enough to make your head explode. Oh, my God. McDonald's, M-C-D-O-N-A-L-D. Thank you. And I do see that you came fully right through the automated service. This call may be monitored or recorded for training quality purposes. How can I help? Okay. Calling to find out, are we okay on escrow? Let me check the escrow. Yes. So we will be making a new escrow analysis not until February of next year. What am seeing on your escrow account that it is positive at this time so you do have an available balance of a thousand one hundred and forty three dollars and fifty four cents sir okay we should have a insurance the property taxes just paid out recently right yes uhhuh. So we should have an insurance payment of $1,909. 11 is correct, but we'll have to escrow payments by that time. OK. And the escrow payment is going to be escrow taxes and insurance 171.24. You got it. Okay. So my ESCO balance right now, I forgot to write that down. Oh, I'm sorry. Let me say it to you again. Let's see. I went into your. It's 1143.54, sir. 1143.54. Yes, sir. Okay. And we're going to be paying out the insurance sometime in January, right? Yes. Okay. So, right now, we got December 171 and change. I'm just going to round that up to 172, 5, 7, 11. So we'll have 13, 15, 54 roughly by the end of December. Yes, sir. And then the amount that's going out is 1109, I believe, right? Yes, exactly. 1109, yes. All right. So we'll have a cushion in the account. Okay, good. All right. Let's see, double check. Boom, boom, boom. Okay. January will be the new insurance company. I'm waiting to find out what's going on with them. I think it's going to be around 1197 next year. Still got to find that information out. Okay. escrow is okay. While I have you, Laura, can we do a phone payment, please? Of course. Let's see. And then I'm not too sure if you're okay with the insurance you have right now, but we can help you find cheaper rates for insurance. Are you interested in doing that today? Not really. Okay. I don't want to get into, you know, my credit. I don't want it to go down. My credit score is in the mid sevens. And the other thing that I didn't want to advise you is that we do have a PNC bank. Are you interested? Not interested, but would you like to make your payment with this bank account? It's either 67, 97, or 78, 78. Let me check. I have account ending and 78, 78, sir. Is that okay? Yeah, PMC 78, 78. Yes, please. Thank you. You're not the right user to this bank account, sir. Yes, correct. As of today, December 8, 2025, you are giving valid mortgaging permission to make a one-time electronic debit that is in the amount of $465.94 from the account, Indian and 7878 for the date of December 8, 2025, correct? Correct. Yes. Please note that due to bank processing, it would take two to four business days to process the payment. If you have any additional questions, I would like to cancel this payment. Please do not hesitate to contact our customer service team for assistance by chat or avallon.com or by phone at 855-218-3690. We are available before 8 p.m. Eastern Standard Time. Am I okay to proceed with this payment? Yeah, I'm not going to cancel it, but yes, correct. Please continue. Thank you. And then I do see that you aren't registered on the website. Would you like me to help you register to make payments on your account? Not really. I basically make my phone payments to you guys and prior to you guys I always made my phone payments to the people who have the mortgage. Thank you. Would you like a confirmation number for today's payment? Yes please. 9 6 9 9 6 5 5, 9, 8, 9, 2. 9, 6, 9, 9, 6, 5, 9, 8, 9, 2. Yes, sir. Correct. Okay. Thank you. And once again, enjoy the upcoming holiday and Happy New Year. Take care now, Laura. Thank you so much for your time. Please hold for a brief survey. I do thank you for your time as well.