thing for calling valid mortgage. My name is Jacob. Agent ID is 1320. Who do I have the pleasure of speaking with today? Hi, Jacob. This is Adria Magnus. Hello. How are we doing today? Okay. I'm calling. I have a couple of things I'm a little confused about. I'm sure you can help me. Gotcha. Gotcha. Yeah. Let me actually. No, no, they actually populated when he called in. So I do appreciate that. And it does show that you came in fully authenticated. So I'll be all good to go. Thank you, though. All right. And I'm now into the account. What kind of questions do we have for today? There are really two of them. One is there is a late charge of 5146 Apparently my I've never paid anything late before apparently my monthly amount changed and I had this on auto pay and so I just assumed that the correct amount was going to be taken out. And when I was notified that it hadn't been, I paid the difference. But you still charged me a late fee, which I would like you to eliminate. Will do. I can definitely do that right now. You're the best and perfect. I was able to leave that leafy off the account so there's no us sending fee balance anymore. Great. Now my next question is I got a updated escrow analysis and payment updates and you know I'm going to try to just pay again, and I don't want to get myself in trouble. And I honestly can't tell what I am paying for December, January, and February. Gotcha. Yeah. This one, this escrow analysis, I can tell it's a little confusing. So I can definitely break this down for you. OK? Yeah, please. So let me see escrow analysis performed perfect. Okay, so right now your payment amount is reflecting as a $1,689.90. The reason why it's reflecting that is because that will be the payment for January. The reason why the January payment is less than the other ones is because we did determine there was a surplus of $38.63, which we do have to refund back to you. Let me see if that's been issued out yet. Not yet. Let me take a look into this real quick. So sorry. Yeah. Aren't you just going to take it off whatever my monthly payment is after that? I mean, it looks like, yeah. That is accurate. So yes. So January's payments since there's a surplus of the 3863, we're actually just removing that from the January's payments. And then starting in February, the 1728-53, that will be your new payment from February 2026 to February 2027 Okay. Okay. I was confused because it says that your new monthly mortgage payment starting January 1st And I saw two numbers and I wanted to make sure I had it correct. So, okay. All right. You answered my question. Yes. Are you going to be able to get some sort of confirming email that you've eliminated that $51 fee? Let me see if I can type something up for you right now. I mean, I know I just got one from you saying I owed it to you. So somewhere in there, just send a confirmation. That would be great. Yeah, of course. Let me see. Yes, I can definitely type something just saying I was able to leave the late fee. And then I'll send that to the email that we have on file, which is a a M a G mom at iCloud comm is that correct? That is correct. Yes Perfect. So I have that sent out to you right now. You can expect it within about a minute after this call Yes, I'm not in any rush. I just appreciate you doing this and you've been a great help Of course and before I let you go were there any questions that I might have overlooked for today? I don't think so. Oh, I just got your email. Perfect. Yes. All right. And then before I do let you go, I do see that you've been building equity inside your home. Just like to know if you want to explore the options to access the cash, but things like home improvements. No, I do not. No worries. I'll let you go. So you have a wonderful day. There might be a brief survey at the ending of the call. That's fine. That's fine. All right. Thank you so much. Of course, bye-bye. Did I say on the line for it? Yes, it should populate after this call. If you don't get a survey, that would be okay. I know sometimes the system is low, like 50-50 with them, so if you get one, I really do appreciate it if you fill it out. If not, that'll be okay, you enjoy your day. Okay, thank you, you too. Thank you.