Hello. Thank you for calling violent mortgage. My name is Jacob, agent IDs 15020. Who's got the pleasure of speaking with you today? Anthony Volatie. Thank you. How are we doing today? I'm doing okay. I went to go make a payment today because I always make my payments. I normally make it on the 30th. But it said that my payments were 31 and change. I'm not understanding why is it 3,000 and change if every month I used to pay 18 and something. Yeah, let me take a look. I can print you about 4,200 escrow since when I have to pay escrow that much and in one shot. Take a look into this for you. Bear with me for one moment. I'm going to review this escrow analysis to see what information is reflecting on this, and then I'll confirm if this information is correct with my system. And if not, we can definitely get this changed for you. Bear with me for one moment, please. insurance. See, taxes and property insurance. Still reviewing this information. Bear with me for one moment, please. Anybody here? Okay. All right, I see the issue here is on this escrow analysis that you received, it did state that at the ending of December, we would be paying out your flood insurance as a premium of $6,622, but that flood insurance disbursement never went out. So technically that's incorrect information. I'll let my escrow management team know that they need to run a new analysis with the correct activity history that took place. But ultimately I do want to let you know for the flood insurance information, we do have an expired policy. We do not have an active policy for your flood as of right now. How is that if I still have insurance effective until the end of this month? So I do see we have your property insurance is just that labeled on the system is showing that the flood insurance is expired is Your flood included within your homeowners Yeah, everything should be in there, but I don't even live in the flood area There's not one lick of water nowhere near me You know everything should be included in that in that in the thing they when they when I got this the person that I dealt with also deals with the mortgage I dealt with people that work together and know what each other needs so they put down everything that I needed on this policy like literally my my my my the banker people that did everything and put the loan in originally, that was my brother-in-law. The person that did my insurance, that was my they have any information about that flood policy because right now I don't see anything on my end. $6,000 a year for flood insurance is insane, especially when I don't live in a flood area. That's why I even moved here, because the flood risk was like almost nothing. Yeah, let me see if they have the information just because it's not reflecting on my end. I do my own patient a brief photo. I talk to them real quick. All right. Thank you. Hello, Anthony. Still with me? Yes. Thank you for holding a pause about the extreme long wait time. So I just got done speaking with the agent in the insurance department just to confirm the information. So I tried to ask if he had any information about flood policy. He just showed, he just explained that he has the same information reflecting on my end as well. I asked then if he could confirm if the flood insurance information was included in the homeowners policy that he sent over to us. He wasn't able to access the information but he did let me know that if the information was added or if that information is included within that policy there would be a second or a separate declaration page for the flood insurance so we can have that added to the account But before we you know get it until that he did let me know that on his system That it's reflecting that you're not in a flood zone So that's making me think that we don't need a flood insurance policy. Yes, I'm not a flood zone. It's not required My and it's those it's still showing that is. So at this moment, what I will do is just so we can get all the information cleared up and everything, I will still submit requests from my escrow management team stating that the escrow account activity that's labeled on that analysis is incorrect because it did state that there was a $6,000 insurance premium going out in the ending of October, which never happened, which is causing this payment to increase this much. But ultimately, I do have to get this information fixed of the property insurance information. So would you like me to get the information of the property insurance fixed first before we handle the escrow analysis issue or should I get the escrow analysis? That was going to actually make the calls I got to renew. I have the property insurance until they just sent me the papers so I'm trying to call them because I just literally got the new papers for the renewal but I know the one that I have now is good to December 30th. Right for farmers? Yes. And it looks like we do have that upcoming policy as well because it does state that a policy will take place on the 30th for after your active policy expires and it's from farmers as well. So I'm pretty sure we already have that new renewal information because they're reflecting on my system. It's just that I have to confirm with my property insurance team to get the exact information if you do need a flood insurance policy and then I can submit information of if the policy that we already have on file includes that flood information but again I do have to wait until they confirm the information with me if the flood insurance is required or not just because if the information that the insurance agent told me is correct you're not being in a flood zone then the flood insurance is required or not. Just because if the information that the insurance agent told me is correct, you're not being in a flood zone, then the flood insurance will not be required out of you. It'll just be optional. So definitely want to get that confirmed with you. But ultimately, I do want to get the escrow analysis information corrected first so you can make your December's payment on time. So if you would like, I can put in that escrow request first and then fix the property insurance information or confirm the property information with you later on. Yes I just want to hear up and get this because like I said I like to pay I live on a certain income and I want to be able to be able to pay this and get out the way because I can't pay other bills until I take care of my mortgage and my HOA's and all that. And that's what I'm saying. Whatever I need it, I know it's supposed to have. So if they say I have flood insurance, I'm not understanding why, because when I live in a condo, I don't live in a house. Two, I live on a hill. And three, it's not a flood zone. That's why I picked this place. Right, right. And I definitely want to confirm our property insurance team as well. But ultimately, the main thing that I think we're both worried about is making sure you're able to make that payment on time. So I definitely want to get this payment adjusted first before you can make that payment so you don't pay over. OK. So yeah, let me just type this request in real quick for my escrow management team. And then I'll notify them that there are some issues going on with property insurance. So whenever they fix this issue, they'll send this ticket request back to me. I'll update you with that information. And then I'll confirm with my property insurance team about the flood issue and things like that. All right. It'd take about one or two. Silence. Silence. Silence. Silence. Silence. Silence. Silence. Silence. Silence. Silence. Silence. Silence. Silence. Silence. Silence. Silence. Silence. Silence. Silence. Silence. Silence. Silence. Silence. Silence. Silence. Silence. Silence. Silence. Silence. Silence. Silence. Silence. Silence. Silence. Silence. Silence. Silence. Silence. Silence. Silence. Silence. Silence. Silence. Silence. Silence. Silence. Silence. Silence. Silence. Silence. Silence. Silence. Silence. Silence. Silence. Silence. Silence. Silence. Silence. Silence. Silence. Silence. Silence. Silence. Silence. Silence. Silence. Silence. Silence. Silence............................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................... Let me see here, almost done. Let me see here. And I'm just providing some more information for my extra management team so they have a better look into what I told you, the information of the account activity is reflecting something incorrectly. I did provide some more information of what I was looking at to my escrow management team. I'm asking if they can review the account and update the information to reflect accurate information. I do want to let you know the average timeline for this process is around three to five business days. So whenever I do get an updated status, I'll make sure to notify you as soon as possible. All right. And is this going to be done before the payment needs to be done? Yes, sir. This will be done before the 16th because that is the cutoff before the late fees start being added to the account. So this will be addressed and should be updated before that happens. I'll make sure to notify you so you can get the notification of making a payment. So whenever I do call you or email you about this at that moment, that's when you can make that payment. If you have any questions, I'd be happy to answer those questions. But ultimately, once I do notify you, I'll then get in contact with my property insurance team just to confirm the whole flood issue. All right. Great. Perfect. And besides this issue, with the payment increasing, and then obviously I'll confirm the information with the flood insurance as well. Were there any other questions or concerns I might have overlooked? No, that's it right now. I'm actually about to call the insurance company and make that payment. I was just holding off because, you know, I'm still under the insurance, but I know that they renew it. They just sent me the papers for it. Gotcha, gotcha, yeah. So I'll definitely, definitely confirm all this information with you when I do get that back. And then ultimately, we'll have a new analysis performed as well. So you should be able to make your payment within that time frame. All right, thank you. Of course. If there's no other questions, I'll let you go so you have a wonderful day. There might be a brief survey at the end of the call. All right. Thank you.