and plan it for our. Yes, I just say Arnold with Balam mortgage again,  I'd be $4,200 on a recorded line. Can you verify your property address  up code? 02864. Okay, thank you for that. I apologize. I had to  call you right back. But I wanted to make sure I made you  aware, the requirement is going to be for two payments  because you'll we have to have a process in month. You're  well, in two days you'll be seven months past due. So we can't  process it. We won't be able to they won't be able to process it.  They're they're going to deny it out. So I don't want that to happen  without you being aware that the requirement is going to be for two payments  to be made in order for them to finalize or for them to process it.  Are you able to when do I have when do I have to make those payments  as soon as possible because once January 1st hits,  you're going to be due for seven payments and it's already been  submitted over to the underwriting team as of today.  And if they start their review, it's going to get denied out because it's  going to be passed the required timeframe. So that could be  rather early in their process review. So that could be as early as  as next was today as early as next week pretty much because  Fridays is second. So I would say as early as next week it could get  denied out. Yes, but that is not fair because no,  I can't. That's not fair because I've been speaking to your company for  over a month and they ask me all the questions. I said that I needed to  put these payments at the end of the loan. They said, okay,  I was under the impression that this was being processed when I'd been  speaking to someone. They've been calling me every  every other week, every week. And I asked for that and they tell me that  it's in process. So nobody told me that I needed to make  these payments. I don't have to payments. No, I don't have a payment  for next week. So I don't think you're being fair to me  at all. Okay, so we did reach out because the  payment deferral was requested verbally. And like I mentioned  previously, we had to get some information. Nobody's called me.  Nobody's left me a message. No, we have the card. Did you leave a  message? I'm not sure if they left a message. They're not necessarily  calling me a message, but they did call me. How am I going to know that you're  calling me if you're not leaving me a message?  You're not making any sense. The same way you saw us calling now and  you answered, you see the number. It's the same number every time.  So we called on November 20. Do you know how many people call me every day?  I did and every time I saw two missed calls,  I saw two missed calls and I did call back and I get the collections  department and they verify the information. They tell me that it's  in process. I did call twice. So yes, I did speak to someone  actually last week and they said that it was in  process. They've never told me that they need a  verification or additional information. No, I was never being told that.  So I'm not sure. I'm sorry that you weren't told that  but as I was going through and submitting it over  and going through the unrunning just as I was finalizing everything after we got  out the call, I realized that it's going to get the night out.  So if you don't have the two payments, then I think the best option would be for  you to do an application and possibly see if you can qualify for a  modification which won't require a modification. No, I don't want to do a modification because  I'm in the program to defer six months. That's because I had a  hardship but I am back now but you're asking for two payments. That's 25  2,900 times two. So that's over five thousand dollars.  Nobody has that kind of money. I mean nobody I know.  I just came out of a hardship. Are you able to? I completely understand that  I'm just I I just know that what the requirements are  in spite of. Well, this was supposed to be submitted  along about a month ago. So if this is submitted a month ago, I  would have I would have not been in this in this situation.  You're submitting this one day before before my my modification is up.  I mean I don't know how many cases you have but when you got to my case  I mean you got to my case on the last day of the year and that's not fair to me.  Are you able to make one payment and I can try and get them to escalate it?  I'm not able to make one payment now because I have 15 days to make the payment  so I was going to try and make the payment next week.  Okay well I will I will put that in the the communication in the request to them  and we will see what the underwriting team says  and I will advise them that it should have been submitted previously and see if they're  able to do anything. I can't make any guarantees that that is going to suffice.  But I mean you know yourself in my shoes it is not fair.  Can you please explain to them that I was just notified today  that I have to make the payments? I mean I will absolutely indicate  that but understand that we have been trying to call you as well.  I do not have any messages and every time I had a missed goal which was twice I called back  and I was not and I did not speak to anybody.  Okay and it was just that and actually they went over my account they asked me for my  information and they told me that it's in process and if you could see the notes  I'm sure that you're going to verify that.  Yes ma'am I never told me that they needed to verify information for me  for me to be actually submitting an application. I was under the impression  because they've told me many times that the application is in process and it takes 30 days.  Okay well I will submit I will submit that over.  I see that I'm just letting you know the information that I have in front of me  and we'll see what the outcome is.  Okay yes ma'am.  All right thank you again for taking my call. You're welcome.  Okay bye.