Thank you for calling Malam Mortgage.  This is James, age and ID number 10, 30 on a recorded line.  Who do I have the pleasure speaking with today?  Yes, hi, my name is Juan, as he went to class trial.  Thank you for that.  I do see that you're fully authenticated  through the IVR system.  How can I help you out today?  Yes, I'm going just to ask about the PMI removal.  I don't know if we qualify it or I don't know what I need to do.  Yeah, I can definitely take a look.  OK, I just wanted to confirm some quick contact information.  The 941, yeah, 941, sorry, 9141,  Chocolate Street in Ozon Park, New York,  is that still the correct mailing address?  Yes, yes it is, yeah.  All right, and in the email address,  I have your first and last name, 29 at gmail.com.  Is that correct?  Correct, yep.  All righty, perfect.  So let me take a look here, because oftentimes,  it does have an automatic termination date.  But let me see if there's anything  that we would need in order to get to remove the account.  Bear with me one moment.  Yeah, sure.  OK, so it looks like the automatic termination date  is October 1st, 2035.  But if you're wanting to see if it could remove before then,  then I do have an email address that you would be able to submit  the request directly to our mortgage insurance team.  And then they'll be able to let you know if you qualify  to have it removed here sooner.  What is the condition?  Like, what if you have to, like, because the letter that you  sent me, it says that we've been paying the mortgage for a year  and without missing any payments.  Was that like the one condition?  Or is there any other?  Yeah, so one of the conditions is  we want to make sure that you have a clean payment history.  And then we also take a look at your loan-to-value ratio.  We're looking for it to be at 80% or below.  And that'll definitely help get it removed.  That'll help with getting it removed off of the account as well.  OK, I can try.  I mean, it isn't hard to get any email.  Absolutely.  And if there is anything else that they need  or that would help, they'll definitely  be able to explain that in detail for you  to help get it removed off of the account.  OK, great.  OK, so the email address that you'll send the email directly  to our insurance team is going to be mortgage.  Give me a while to go.  OK.  OK, mortgage.  And then the minus sign.  OK, insurance.  I'm sorry.  This is the first thing.  I don't know.  Always.  OK, mortgage, the minus sign, insurance, OK?  At valent.com.  OK.  And then I'll repeat it just to make sure you have it correct.  It's mortgage, the minus sign, insurance at valent.com.  And then you would just essentially include your loan  number in the subject line of the email.  And then you would be able to ask,  hey, I'm looking to get more information  about removing my private mortgage insurance.  Can you please assess?  And then we'll get back in touch with you.  I would say within three to five business days,  maybe sooner, just depending on our case load.  And then we'll kind of give you a little bit more information  about that.  OK.  All right.  Thank you so much.  Oh, you're welcome.  Did you have any other concerns or questions?  I actually have another, I don't know.  So when I got the loan through the bank,  I don't remember the name of the bank.  I don't know whether or something.  The guy that helped me tell me that I can refinance  after certain time.  Well, you know, can we qualify for that yet?  Or not yet, since the interest rate is higher than.  Yeah, so for that part, I'm not 100% sure.  So what I would have to do, if you wanted to,  is I can transfer you directly to our lending department  and then they would be able to give you more information  about interest rates or to see if you qualify for refinance.  I'm going to call back later.  Let me take one thing at a time.  I'm going to.  OK.  Yeah, I'll call back.  Thank you so much for your help.  Oh, you're welcome.  There is a survey at the end of the call.  I hope you enjoy the rest of your day, OK?  You too, bye-bye.  Bye.