in the market.  This is getting me that 18-18-18.  One, two, six, two, who got a pleasure at speaking with?  This is in the brown.  Hi, how are you doing today?  I'm doing good.  Good to hear.  Let me open up your account.  I just see that you came in there and fight to the IVR system.  Thank you for that.  This is called monitor recorded for treating and quality purposes.  One second.  And I also see that your loan is assigned to an EJ.  In order to provide you with the most accurate information, I need to transfer you over before  I do so.  Let me go ahead and open this up and I do see here that we received an incomplete mortgage  assistance application for the 65 days past dual.  Yes.  Okay.  And can I have the reason for your delete until before we get started?  Well, it was because of the medical expenses and bills, but I was calling because I, when  the forbearance ends, I just want to see what I could do other than extending it.  Do you want to extend it correct?  Well, I just say before said that we could do like a lower paylet or a while.  Okay.  Okay.  So where do you stand every now where you're delinquent with your hardship?  We've got most of it cleared up.  Awesome.  So.  Are you working now?  Yes.  Awesome.  And you live in your home, correct?  Yes.  Let me go ahead and see your forbearance is coming to an end and complete missing items,  unable to verify your income, please provide current pay stub hold on this change for  Chris Brown.  That's what's missing.  Okay.  Well, if, if I'm willing to set the forbearance and, and, and start my payments again, then  I wouldn't have to complete that.  All right.  Oh, there's a good question.  I'm not sure.  I'm not in that department.  I'm going to have to transfer you over.  Let me see if I have an agent available bear with me.  I'm going to have to go ahead and put a call back so they can give you a call once  they are available.  Okay.  So bear with me, Amanda, Amanda Brown, okay, four, three, nine, one, two, three, oh, four  nights or sixty, two, eight, two, I am in a two, eight, eight, okay, yes.  They're going to call you back as soon as they are available.  Okay.  So I did put for like a half 45 minutes to an hour for them to call you back.  Okay.  Okay.  So hopefully they are done by then it's going to be coming from a E55 phone number.  Okay.  Okay.  You're all set.  Anything else you can do to assist you.  Yeah.  Awesome.  Well, you have a great rest of your day at the end of my call to be a free survey.