Thank you for calling Balong Mortgage.  My name is Chanaet Agent ID 1423, can I have your full name please?  This is Lisa Walden.  Okay.  Just one moment.  Thank you.  Thank you.  This called my monitor record for training and quality courses just one moment.  How can I help you today?  I was calling to see if it was possible to do one deferment on a mortgage payment.  If that ever, perhaps if we can, if that's an option.  And what's the reason because you need to have a reason?  Yes, our transmission in our car was very expensive to replace and so that's why.  Okay.  Just one moment.  I also see that you have built equity in your home and there's also the option to connect  you with the loan officer like if you would like to make an additional loan, they can assist  you on that.  Yeah.  No, I just, just a little help would be a blessing.  I don't, you know, I don't want to do any loans or anything like that.  If we could get up, just missed, if we could just, for parents or yeah, postpone that would  be wonderful.  Just if we can add it to the loan or something like that, that would be really helpful.  I don't, I don't want to get, we don't want to get a loan or anything.  We're, we're trying to get pay off the house.  Okay.  Eventually.  Yes.  Okay.  Okay.  So let me try to find more assistance.  I was just going to say, along with the transmission situation, my husband's in landscape.  And so the weather really affects us and there's been quite a lot of weather.  You know, he gets busy after it dries up, but there's only so many hours that you can work,  right?  So, yeah, so his work has been affected by weather as well.  Oh, okay.  I understand.  Okay.  But mostly the transmission.  Okay.  So I'm going to contact you with the mortgage assistance.  It's another department to see, they will evaluate if they can postpone the, the coming payment  for the end of the, of the loan, probably.  Yes.  That would be a blessing.  Thank you.  Okay.  Sure.  Just, I will put you in a brief hold while I contact them.  Okay.  Just one moment.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Hello Lisa.  Hi.  Hi.  I'm going to come to the polls to Ms. Angelique.  She will be able to evaluate your case.  I'll help you.  Okay.  Just one moment.  Okay.  Thank you for hauling Val and my name is.