Hello, thank you so much for cutting value mortgage.  My name is Miriam, agent ID 1341.  I do want to let you know that this call  will be monitored or recorded for quality assurance purposes.  Could I have a pleasure of speaking with you?  Hi, Miriam, good morning.  This is Samuel from the Insurance Service Center  in a recorded line calling in regards of low number 645.  677-0480.  Thank you so much.  What is the homeowner's name?  Yeah, Mr. Hackam Jerome.  And, well, he has some questions regarding his escrow balance.  It's okay if I transfer the call.  Oh, that's fine.  You can get them over.  Thank you.  Can you repeat your ID again?  I'm sorry.  1341.  1341, guys.  Thanks so much.  Thank you.  Hello, Mr. Hackam.  Yes.  Thanks for holding.  I got Miriam here, customer service representative.  I'm living you in the best sense.  They can have an Isaiah.  Thank you.  Hi, this is Miriam with Valen Mortgage, agent ID 1341.  I do want to let you know that this call  will be monitored or recorded for quality assurance purposes.  Do you mind providing me with your person last name, please?  Yes, Hockam, last name Jerome.  Thank you so much.  Do you mind verifying the last four of us social?  9096.  And your date of birth?  1126, 51.  Perfect.  Thank you so much.  Give me one second.  And then I was able to pull up the account.  But before I'm able to access it, it does look like you've built equity  in your home.  Would you be interested in speaking with somebody about that today?  No, not today.  No problem.  And then I do understand that you have questions on your escrow balance.  I just want to get this up to date to the payments back to where it was.  Basically what happened, there were two policies.  So they made it out twice.  One story short, I got the refund check for one of the policies.  So there's only one active policy on file.  So I just need to apply that refund check back to the escrow accounts  and see if there's anything else additional that's needed on top of that  to bring the payment back to where it should be instead of going up next month.  No problem.  What is the amount that you received or that you're putting back into the account?  Well, let me confirm the amount to be exact.  It was, it's for.  4,895 dollars and 38 cents.  But I did look at the escrow statement a line and it's showing.  If I'm not mistaken, it's showing a shortage of 5,244 dollars and 64 cents.  That is correct.  Okay.  So that's what needs to be reapplied back.  And then that you guys would reanalyze the escrow.  Is that how it works?  Yes. So are you looking to make just the 48, 95, 38, or are you looking to make the shortage amount?  No. Well, I want to do the shortage that way.  It doesn't increase the payment.  Okay. So you're looking to do the 52, 44, 64.  Yes. And I was wondering, am I able to schedule that payment to be drafted next week?  You can.  Yeah.  Once the payment is cleared, then that'll be adjusted.  It does take about 35 minutes and days for that to be adjusted.  Is that okay with you?  That's fine.  Yeah, because I think I'll give us enough time. I just, because I deposit a check,  I just want to make sure it's officially available before drafting.  So if we can schedule it maybe for the 8th of December to get drafted.  Okay. And then I do want to let you know that.  When you pay the shortage amount, your payment does decrease by approximately $437 and five cents.  So your payment will approximately.  Let's see.  One second.  It'll go from 29, 1901 to approximately 24, 81, 96.  Okay.  Yeah, I think that's where it was.  Yeah.  It was at 235450. So it'll still increase slightly, but it won't.  Like go back to that specific amount.  I'm sorry.  You're cutting out. What was that?  Sorry.  You're like really like cutting out.  A choppy.  Can you hear me? Okay.  Hello.  Hello.  Can you hear me? Okay.  Yeah, so it sounds like you're speaking. You're just like breaking up really bad.  I can't make out what you're saying. I'm sorry.  Hello.  You do sound the same.  Okay.  Sorry.