My name is Laura.  My agent ID is 1321.  May I have you first and your last name?  Yeah.  My first name is Sarri.  S-E-R-R-Y.  Last name is Mellow, M-E-L-L-O.  And also Ginger Mellow, G-I-N-G-E-R-M-E-L-O.  Calling on, um, request 703-4829.  Concerning Jerry F. Clark.  I'm sorry.  Where are you calling from?  Where am I calling from?  Yes, sir.  Are you the account holder?  No.  The account holder was Jerry F. Clark.  He has passed away.  Ginger.  Ginger and I have been trying to work with the service team to get a, um, for over a couple  of weeks now, a payoff figure for the title company for appending closing.  Okay.  And I can give you the information and where to send a request.  Well, again, I'm responding with this email communications back and forth here with us,  with your services team.  Okay.  The last one I got was today from Cylinda.  I'm not too sure what that is, Mr. I'm unable to pull anything without you being authorized  on the account.  So if they're, uh, you need to talk to, um, uh, Ginger.  Um, I don't have those names on the account.  So, uh, we've talked to other, we've talked to other agents already.  Uh, concerning, uh, this, uh, this mortgage.  And we, uh, again, there's a, uh, request in.  And we've been doing email communications.  Is it?  Yeah.  Yeah.  The percent proof of death.  Ginger is the, uh, state holder of Jerry Clark.  She's a personal rep.  Okay.  So, uh, they only work through email.  Unfortunately, we don't see the information.  Once we see the information, then we can go into the accounts.  But I don't see any details that are being updated with the authorization.  That's right now.  I'm sorry.  Well, I don't understand because we've already, uh, called before and we've spoke with, uh,  actually agents a couple of times, Jasmine on the phone, Caesar.  Uh, I've been logging all the phone calls.  And then there's emails, uh, coming back and forth, uh, with ginger.  Okay.  So I don't understand why you can't.  We can't go any further.  Uh, right now.  Yeah, because, uh, can you look up that?  Can you look up that request number?  Uh, what's the request number that they're giving you?  Seven, zero, three, four, eight, two, nine.  Yeah.  Okay.  Now it's saying it's pending, sir.  That's what it says.  Correct.  Yes.  Correct.  Yes.  Okay.  Uh, do you see the communication?  Uh, no, it's just telling me that this, uh, ticket is pending.  But yes, I do see the ticket that's still in process right now.  Yeah.  Right.  And the latest email we get.  Okay.  The email I just got, we got today.  Wants two more documents.  Okay.  Because we've already sent them the death certificate.  And we've also sent them documents, uh, that ginger is the, um, the personal representative of the estate.  Okay.  Now, um, well, they're what they're asking for to complete this.  Um, but, um,  Oh, ginger, uh, the being successors in interest.  Um, she needs to supply proof of ownership.  Please provide all pages of the recorded deed.  And the second bullet point is a copy of your government issue photo ID.  Now, one of my questions is, is, is that requiring ginger to show her photo ID?  I would send it yes.  And if not, you can always reply to cylinder who's requesting it.  And ask her that question.  Okay.  No, I'm not sure about the recorded deed about getting.  Uh, you know, um, I don't know what steps I needed to get that for cylinder.  Yeah, I'm not too sure either.  Sir.  All I know is that our support team.  All right.  I'll just respond to the email.  Uh, I, uh, okay.  Uh, I guess Linda will send the link the information.  I'm so sorry, but I do see it.  So if you're an able, or should I say, I don't understand, just advise of what it is you can send and what you cannot send.  She'll let you know if it's accepted or not accepted or what other documents.  All right.  I'm going to send her the, um, I'm going to send her the, I can send her the photo ID.  Uh, but we still have a, we'll still have a question about how we're able to send the recorded deed.  I mean, they keep your institution keeps throwing robots and we're just trying to get through on the closing of the property, but we can't get started until we get a payoff figure.  And every time, you know, to get the payoff figure.  Uh, we're going to jump through all kinds of loops here and it's getting very frustrating.  It's been a couple weeks now.  And that's why I sound irritated because I am, you know, I'm going to hang up with you.  I will sponsor the email and give her one of the two items, I believe.  And then, uh, we'll have to take it from there.  All right.  Thank you.  No problems.  Have a good rest of your day.  Thank you for your time.