Good afternoon.  Thank you so much for calling Valor Mortgage.  My name is Grace.  My Asian idea is 1375.  I'm a recorded line.  May I have your full name?  Liza Feldman.  Do you have a different last name?  On file?  Dubrow.  Dubrow.  Thank you.  And thank you for getting authenticated through the automated system.  I do you see that you're like to make a payment towards your estro account?  Is that correct?  No.  So these only what happened was when I was getting my insurance home insurance renewed for this year,  it came up with an agent that unfortunately it was not told to my insurance company that our roof had been  taking care of the year before because we switched insurance companies.  So they didn't realize we had a new roof.  So basically they gave us a refund on our policy because they had  charged us based on an old roof.  Does that make sense?  Okay.  So you have a check.  I mean, did you already?  Yeah.  So I have a check.  But what I'm trying to figure out is, is that mine to keep?  Or is that something that I need to deposit into my escrow account?  If it's related to insurance, then I believe that's something you can keep.  But if it's related, I mean, I'm sorry, let me rephrase that.  If it's tied to your escrow obligations, so property insurance, property taxes, then you would want to replenish your  escrow account.  But if it's part of an insurance claim, then yeah, you can do it.  Do with it as you intended.  No, I'm just saying like, basically I was talking to the end to my insurance broker about it.  And she was just basically saying that, you know, a property analysis has not been done on our home yet.  I think it's done in March.  And I'm not sure if it looks as though that our escrow account is going to be, you know,  I guess higher, lower, whatever it is.  And so by putting more money in our escrow account, it might help balance our monthly mortgage.  Or if that's not necessary right now.  Well, it would help, but you're not due for analysis until March unless you request an earlier one.  And only if you had changes that would impact you over $500 or more.  Like, for instance, within your tax status change or if your insurance premium has changed, you could put it back in time for your March analysis.  If they determine based on your funds at that time and the account changes, if you have a $50 or more surplus that isn't required to pay your escrow, you would get a refund back.  From escrow, but if you're short, that's when, you know, they adjust your payment.  Yeah, of course.  And I guess on my other question would be, what does my escrow account look like now in terms of my, because we did just get more, I mean, sorry, get a different insurance policy.  So I just want to make sure I name it.  Because we had it, we had to, like, $2400 for your insurance that we paid to travelers. It was, like, $9,300.  So you're in the negative.  That's the negative $1443.30.  Okay, but that plan went.  So basically that plan went through.  But it has since been altered actual or actual annual insurance is around 5900.  That was what travelers tried to charge us, but we altered it because, obviously, that's absurd to be spending that much on home insurance.  So because our policy has since changed, what does that, like, what happens there?  You can request a new analysis, but if if we sent in.  $9,300 in advance to $2400, you do need to pay that back.  But travelers should be giving you a priority refund if it's going to be less than that.  If we sent in $9,300, but it's only $5,800, then that refund is either going to be mailed back to you.  Or refinance your escrow account.  We just don't have that yet.  So it should be refunded to the escrow account, I assume.  Okay.  You might want to then tell to verify that.  What did you say?  You might want to give them a call so you can verify where to look out for where to look for it.  Travelers are saying.  Okay.  All right.  Well, thank you so much.  I appreciate it.  You're welcome.  And you need me to.