Thank you for calling Valent Mortgage. My name is Jacob, agent ID 1230.  What are the pleasures speaking with today?  I'm sorry. What was your name? Jacob? Yes.  Hi, Jacob. My name is Albert Su, HSU.  Okay. Do you have a low numbers? I can pull up that account?  No. I've been told that the mortgage got transferred to you. I know this is not your fault,  but they never gave me a low number. And so I'm trying to figure out how to make payments  when I drive a low number. Incredibly you're kidding.  Do you have the old low numbers? I can pull it up my end with that.  They just set up alone. So I'm not sure what the number is.  Is there any other way to look it up or you can't do anything?  What's the property address?  No, hold on. It's 1605 Labrador Drive in Columbia, Missouri.  Can you spell the name of the street?  Labrador like the dog, L-A-B-R-A-B-O-R drive.  I just want the moment.  Okay, then I do just have to let you know that the call may be monitored and they're recorded  for quality. That would be great. Now please take a complaint that I was told that my mortgage was  sold to a new new to Valen and then I never got a mortgage number. So that's the number one thing I  need from you guys. And can you verify the last four digits of your social?  2307. And can you verify the date of birth? I'm 1026-74.  And I do just have to just make sure we have the most of the date contact information for you  regarding the transfer. So phone number I have listed here is 513-584-10000 is what I have.  Nope, I'll just go ahead and edit that. And what's the better contact number for you?  757-354-2377.  Alright.  And then email address I do show is scooberhsu at gmail.com.  That's correct.  I have another call in five minutes too. So I can't wait to.  Yeah, I'm sorry. I just had some questions. I have to answer. And then mailing address.  I understand. Go ahead.  Yeah, the mailing address I do show is 7935-Ashley View Drive  Cincinnati, Ohio. I'm sorry, 45227.  That is correct.  Here and yes, I do show that the loan did transfer on December 1st to us. And I do have that new loan number.  That'd be great.  Um, what's this when you're ready?  Yep.  Yeah, so that's going to be 1-1-0-1-0-6941.  I'm going to read that back to you. I've got 1-1-0-1-1-0-6941.  That is correct.  Okay, um, please confirm the mailing address so that I can get them to send you check correctly.  Mailing address for the payment address.  Yeah, yes, please.  Yep. So it's going to be Valen Mortgage Inc.  Yeah.  And it's going to be PO Box 660043.  Okay. They never gave me that. They gave me a Gemini Drive in Beaverton.  Yeah, that is a general mailing address.  So should I be sent to that or the PO Box you're going to give me?  The PO Box that I'm mentioning.  Okay. I have not that nowhere. Okay. What's the PO Box?  So Valen Mortgage Inc. and then PO Box 660043 Dallas, Texas 75266.  All right. Well, this is extremely poor.  And I know it's not your fault. So you said PO Box here.  So you said PO Box 660043 in Dallas, Texas, and you said 75266. Is that right?  That is correct.  Okay. So that's nowhere in any of the materials that I received.  They gave me a business mailing address of 94500 selfless Gemini Drive in Beaverton,  Oregon of 97008, but do not send it to there, right?  Yeah, don't send it to there. That's just just sending correspondence or anything like that.  That's not a payment address.  But actually they told me that that's a payment address in the message I got.  Yeah, that's not the payment.  I am so incredibly irritated. That is really erroneous.  Wow. Okay. Well, I will send a complaint letter saying that to the people who sent me this email.  Thank you for your time. You've been wonderful. But again, this is this is very,  very poor business practice from the people who I get the notice of mortgage servicing of.  Thank you for your time.  You're very welcome. You have a great rest of your day.  You too. Bye.