Hi, thank you for calling Malla Mortgage.  My name is Sharla, Agent 18, number 1152.  Who do I have the pleasure of speaking with?  Sharla, this is Roman from the insurance service department.  On a recorded line for quality and training purposes.  What's that happen?  How are you?  Sharla, I'm doing well.  How about yourself?  Man, one of your agents made me mad today.  Oh, no, that wasn't me.  I could tell you that.  No, it wasn't you.  It was one of the people on your side, though.  Yeah, I'm not going to stick for everybody,  else before myself.  Yep, nope.  I like you.  Good dude.  What's happening?  What's going on?  I have an update customer.  So here you go.  It's not one of us.  It's the customer now.  Mr. Francisco Hernandez, loan number 92954098.  40.  He wants to discuss his escrow account.  Oh, god.  Did you advise him that I'm going to have to validate his identity  when you transfer on?  No, but I think it'll be fine.  I mean, he's already upset.  Roman, you're really trying to give me in trouble today.  Yeah, I took the heat.  You know, I took part of the heat.  You could take the other part.  Good.  Good.  Good.  Good.  Good.  Let me bring him over.  Get him transferred over.  I'll get it.  I got it.  All right.  Thanks, Carla.  Yeah.  Hold on.  Mr. Hernandez.  Sir.  Yeah.  Go ahead.  OK, I have Charlotte from a customer service department.  She's going to be taking care of you regarding your escrow.  Question.  OK.  OK.  Just a reminder, we are in a recordical.  Charlotte, go ahead.  Hi, this is Charlotte, agent 18 number 1152 here at Valen  Mortgage on a recorded line.  Who do I have the pleasure of speaking with?  Francisco Hernandez.  How are you doing today, Francisco?  I just wanted to say thank you for a colonization  service center, Mr. Francisco.  Bye-bye, Charlotte.  So sorry.  Thank you.  It's OK, Roman.  Thank you.  All right.  Sorry about that.  How are you doing today?  OK, OK.  I'm trying to figure it out.  I'm trying to get insurance.  I was going to do insurance with a company that shows on your system, but they were quoting  me something different, something with a called DP1, which basically it takes a lot  of the coverage, if you want to relate that from a HO3.  I don't know why they do that and why they didn't tell me anything about it.  But anyway, so I called a couple of places around and I found one that is a lot more.  It covers me some.  So anyway, I wanted to find out he was not able to tell me how much is my escrow.  When I look at my account, I couldn't see it because it shows that they already have  withdraw the money or something like that.  And I didn't, I didn't approve anything and I'm trying to talk to these people.  So they supposed to be sending you the papers or the insurance or whatever is that you guys  need, you know, to put it in the system and with the remaining of the escrow, I guess  you guys divided that into monthly payments or something like that, right?  Yes and no, escrow is a little tricky, okay?  Let me go ahead and verify the account with you and your identity and then I'll be more  than happy to go ahead and take a look at what we have on file and what's notated on the account  to be able to better assist and answer your questions and concerns regarding the escrow.  Is that okay?  Okay.  Yeah.  Go ahead.  Okay.  Perfect.  So, could you verify for me the last four of your social?  Six to six.  Thank you.  And then the property zip code.  Three, two, seven, three.  Thank you for that.  Let me get over here and see what's going on.  All right.  Okay.  So, I do see it was listed as loggerhead.  And that was the policy looks like it is set to either renew or expire tomorrow.  But then I have one listed as people's trust that takes effect tomorrow.  Yeah, that's the one I'm that's the one I'm canceling right now.  The people's trust?  Yeah, that's the one I told them to stop because they are there's a law.  I don't know.  When I was going through it, it just was not covering anything.  I don't know why they submitted when I didn't tell them to.  So I'm talking to another company, her name is Megan.  I don't remember the name of the company is little, little insurance or something like  that, little insurance, but they already should have send you some stuff because we've  been dealing with this since the 10th.  And so I don't know what you guys have or what is the process of it.  Okay.  Yeah, sure.  Now, did she advise you if she sent in that document with request for payment for that  policy?  Did she send it to Valen at Ihaveinsurance.com?  I don't know.  Okay.  So we need to find that out.  Okay.  Now, as far as the other policy getting paid, not a big deal because once you've notified  them that you're canceling that policy, they're going to have to issue you a refund.  And then I always recommend once you get that refund, put it right back into the escur account.  Okay.  Currently the escur account balance is.  Wait.  Wait.  Number one, I'm not going to request anything because I have not paid anything.  Right.  Okay.  But if you're canceling the policy that we just submitted payment to today for 1,887 dollars.  Right.  Right.  Right.  But you submitted a payment that I didn't wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.  You're submitting a payment that I didn't ask you to submit it.  No.  Because the insurance.  I didn't.  I didn't know.  I didn't.  No.  No, no.  The president got requests, whatever they want, and it is between you and them.  It does not.  It doesn't have nothing to do with me.  One thing is for me to be looking at quotes.  And the other thing is for me to approving anything.  Okay.  I didn't approve.  All I did.  But did they notify you that they were increasing your premium?  Cool.  Because they sent us their, the insurance company.  They sent us the request to pay out the policy probably a month ago.  They typically send it out about a month ago.  Are you, are you talking about, are you talking about loggerhead?  No, I'm talking about the people's trust.  That's who we just paid.  The people, people trust.  People trust is the one that, if I'm not mistaken, that's the company that is under your website,  under your system.  Okay.  And this was about a week ago, okay, not even that.  This was like four or five days ago.  I look into it.  They call me.  I look at the number.  He showed me something.  He sent something to me.  I start reviewing them to see exactly what it was.  Okay.  I didn't approve anything.  If you have sent me a good face as everybody has so far at this point, okay, but nobody  have requested any payment from you guys.  So the fact that you guys work together with them or whatever is that you have, that doesn't  have nothing to do with me, you know, I'm asking for quotes.  You offer on your page the ability to click in there and ask for a quote, and that's what  I did.  I asked for a quote.  I have not signed any documents.  I haven't signed anything.  That's why when I went into my account to look at how much escrow I have to compare it  with whatever they're calling me on this company that I'm working with, I see that it says negative  232.  So I call the number from Valon, but it's time for me directly to this guy that I was  talking to.  I didn't know he was the insurance company, but I'm calling Valon number.  So anyway, so I say, why do you guys request for money that I have not approved?  I didn't ask you for it.  Oh, we were doing whatever they say, but no problem because the money have not gone through  yet or whatever.  Do you want me to make a stop payment?  And I say, well, I haven't even asked you to even do anything.  All I ask was a quote anybody can ask for a quote, you know, but I'm not approving anything.  And you are absolutely correct in that.  You can ask for a quote, but they wouldn't have sent a request for payment.  If there wasn't something agreed upon technically, and we wouldn't have sent payment out.  They've been calling me for the last four days.  Let's do this.  Let's do this.  I'm going to place you on a brief hold and I'm going to do some digging to the accounts.  So bear with me a few moments.  Hi, Francesco, are you still there?  One second one second one second.  Yeah, go ahead.  Okay, so after speaking with an agent over at our insurance services team, I got a little  bit better understanding of what's going on.  So yes, people's choice is considered a lenders choice type of insurance.  Why they sent a request for payment with the policy, I don't know, okay?  But I was ensured that this agent could tell that the prior agent did put a code on the  account payment to stop that payment.  And it's going to freeze that payment from going anywhere.  Okay.  And the reason for that is, okay, is because you had indicated to him that you didn't want  that policy paid out because you were still shopping around for insurance.  Okay, so what I am highly suggesting to you is once you figure out what carrier you're  going to go with, you're definitely going to have to have your agent or that company reach  out to us so that we can get this updated because the current policy that your coverage  is with, with loggerhead, it expires tomorrow.  Yeah, but she's actually on my other line and she's listening to what you're saying and  she said she already submitted all the papers to you guys.  Yeah, you can take a few days from that.  But I can send them to, if you can give me a website where I could upload the documents,  I can do that right now.  For email, I can send the documents here.  Okay.  Can you give us that information, please?  I can because it's general information.  Email is going to be Valen V like Victor, a l o n like Nancy at I have insurance dot com.  Or you can upload at I have insurance dot com forward slash Valen.  I'm going to get the email ready to go.  Okay.  So, so you guys in the right now, right?  And Victor, you guys can take it.  Absolutely.  I will have it over.  Okay.  Um, even though I, I'm, I'm not going to disclose any information to her Francisco about the  account, but I need to know the carrier name and if possible, a policy number and a premium  amount, so I can reach back out to my insurance services team and have them update your account  on their end so that they know when that comes in, they're going to go ahead and process that.  Okay.  Can you provide that, ma'am, please?  Nine, one.  Yeah.  Zero, zero, five, three, seven, seven.  Okay.  So the phone is going to be a little bit for tomorrow.  Okay.  The phone did cut out a little bit.  Could you provide me with the beginning of the policy number up until the nine one?  I've got everything after that.  Yeah.  It doesn't, it doesn't say I'm being like boy.  Okay.  So Sam Brady nine one dash zero, zero, five, three, seven, seven.  Correct.  And it's going to be 12, 13, 25 to 12, 13 of 26.  What's the carrier name?  That's correct.  It's benchmark specialty insurance company.  Benchmark specialty.  And sure.  And one penny benchmark.  Yep.  I got it.  Okay.  All right.  And then I'll go ahead and get this for me.  Oh, yeah, that would be good.  What's the premium amount?  Okay.  Two thousand nine hundred and fifteen five dollars and ten.  Two nine, six, five point one zero.  That's all right.  Thank you for that.  All right.  Okay.  Okay.  Do you need Megan for anything else?  I do not know.  Okay.  Okay, Megan.  Thank you so much.  I quote you.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Bye bye.  All right.  So, um,  but you have everything you need at this point, right?  Correct.  I am going to place you on a brief hold and I am going to reach back out to insurance services.  So what's going to happen is we're going to have them canceled.  We're going out to people's trust.  Okay.  Okay.  So did those funds be available?  I wish I would have done it with you guys because it's supposed to be easier for me.  But I don't know the, the, the, when, when I started going over the insurance, it looks like.  I lost a lot of stuff, you know, and then when I was talking to different people, they say, yeah, but why are you renting the property?  And like, no, I use in this.  So why are they giving you a DP one and not an H O three?  So I don't know nothing about insurance.  I don't know if you know what I'm talking about.  I do.  I do.  It's the way they had your property listed.  They assumed that it was a rental property and not a primary residence.  Why?  I've been there now for.  I don't know.  I couldn't tell you that.  I honestly couldn't.  But let me place you on a brief hold.  I'm going to reach out to insurance services, let them know that that code seven on that other payment.  We need to adjust that to stop payment, cancel payment.  And then I'm going to provide them with the information she gave me.  So that they can notate that when that comes in, that payment needs to go out.  Okay.  So you got to bear with me a few minutes longer.  Okay.  All righty.  All right.  Thanks, Francisco.  One moment.  Francisco, are you still there?  Yes, I'm here.  Oh, okay.  So, hey, Francisco, um, a little bit of, um, a snag in our mission today.  Unfortunately, the agent that I have on the line cannot take the information that Megan gave me.  So unfortunately, he is going to have to reach out to her with you on the line so that he can obtain the same information from her that she just provided me.  But I'm going to go ahead and notice on the account on my end and send it to our internal insurance for you.  Okay.  So that she has the information that you have the number or that he has the number?  Um, I don't have that for Megan.  No, you'll have to give him Megan's contact number so he can call her.  Okay.  Okay.  I do.  Okay.  Leave you with the insurance services agent.  Okay.  All right.  Thank you.  Wait.  Wait.  What was your name again?  My name is Charlotte.  Charlotte.  Okay.  Thank you so much.  You're welcome.  Okay.