Okay, please.  Speaking.  I think so.  This is Joshua agent.  I did one four three two column about mortgage when I record that line.  Are you doing today?  I'm doing okay.  I think that's good.  And if you can verify only the zip, go on the property address, please.  Two, one, two, three, nine.  Thank you so much, but we'll meet one moment.  All right.  I just want to give you a quick overview of the account before moving forward.  I do show you active enough forbearance plan, which is actually the reason for my call today account is contract to the 58 days fast to.  I show the hardship was due to the unemployment initially.  Is that still the case?  Oh, yeah.  All right.  All right.  And like I said, I was going to follow up with that on you with you on that on the unemployment and the forbearance because it looks like the forbearance is coming to an end towards the end of January.  So I wanted to see what your plan is.  I have a call back request.  I'll sketch it from you from last week and following up on that.  And that as well.  It looks like it was on regards to the forbearance plan.  Yeah.  Yeah, someone had called me and I missed the call.  So I called back.  So yeah, I know that it's over.  At the end of January.  And it should be.  I think I'm paid up through November through October.  Yes, man.  November, December and January and then February.  Will be due as a February 1st.  I'm not understanding.  Correct.  Correct.  Yes.  And now do you need an extension of that forbearance?  Are you still going through a hardship?  Or do you think you'll be ready to resume payments on on February?  As of now, I'm still going through the hardship.  I'm looking at a temp job, which is maintaining, you know, my household bills.  But it doesn't have enough to cover in full.  Mortgage.  But I am planning to pay.  At least two months up.  In January.  I'm going to go ahead and finish and I will send you an application because,  regardless, if we're doing an extension of the forbearance,  or if you want to apply for long term options,  you will need to fill out that application that I send you.  I'm sending over to your email.  So you should be getting them within the next few minutes.  If you haven't already.  Fill out the application when you have some time.  Maybe this weekend or during this week.  Please fill out that application and.  And then it should give you an option there to do your hardship status as well.  You know, so just.  To what's going on, basically, and then we'll review based on that,  because the hardships are ongoing.  Most likely we'll review for an extension.  But usually when the forbearance goes over six months,  we have to do it this way instead of over the fun, like verbally.  For the extension after the six months, we do need the application to be able to have it on fire and make it like a formal forbearance.  I see.  Yep, I have it.  All right.  So just fill that out when you have some time, send it in.  I should take about a week or so to hear back if anything else is needed.  If nothing is needed, you probably just get an email saying that is,  that has been approved for the extension.  And if you,  if you don't apply for the extension and you apply for other options for us to help you bring a current,  you should be in the response within 30 days.  I'm most.  Okay.  All right.  And.  Any questions about these about the process, anything for me.  Yeah.  So.  Okay.  So with this application.  I don't, I don't know what the other options are.  Sure.  I don't want to give it my home.  It will depend.  It will, it will honestly depend on your situation.  So if the hardship is not resolved, which you, that would be, you are not ready to resume payments yet.  We're going to review you for an extension of the forbearance.  That's the only thing that we can give you.  Now the long, long term options will come when you're ready to resume payments,  because we don't want to give you an option for you to resume payments.  And then you default again.  And then you're no longer going to have that option because we can only do it every 12 months.  So.  Yeah.  So if the hardship is resolved, we'll give you either a deferral of the payment and where we take the payment is that moves them to the end of the loan and just bring your current or a modification, which.  It's similar to the deferral, but it changes the term.  So the terms of the loan, because instead of putting it at the end, it just rolls it into the same long.  So it'll make it longer.  So it's different options.  You can qualify for, for when the hardship is resolved and you're ready to resume payments.  You can do those now.  And then you default again, you're no longer going to have those.  And then it's basically going to set you off of the fall.  I gotcha.  Okay.  That's that.  That answers my question.  That was my question.  No problem.  Anything else you can think of or.  No, I'm going to take a look at the, uh, at the application.  I do have it.  Okay.  Right.  Sounds good.  No problem.  Yeah.  Thank you so much for taking my call.  Then you have a good rest of your day.  Okay.  Thank you.  You too.  Thank you.  Bye.