Thank you for calling Valen Mortgage, my name is Alexia, my agent ID is 1424.  I do want to let you know that you're being recorded and monitored for turning quality  purposes.  May I have your first and last name?  Well, first name is A.N., last name is Nguyen and G.U.  White-E.N.  Allow me one moment to open up your account.  Hello.  Yes, ma'am, sorry, I was pulling up your account.  I see you came through fully authenticated.  How may I assist you?  So last time we made a payment clearly on the payment tickets to be added to additional  principles.  So when we got the next payment, the upcoming one, it says that interest was taken out of  it.  Why was it not added to principle like we added onto the line?  It should have been.  All right.  So I see the payment.  I see 1,092 did go to interest and 155.77 went towards principle.  But you just wanted the whole 15 into additional principle.  Yes, there's only the line for additional principles and we just put 15K for additional  principles, not for interest or any other payment.  We had a separate check for that monthly payment and then a separate just for the  principle.  All right.  Allow me just one moment to get this reallocated correctly.  I'm going to place you on a hold and I will take care of this for you.  Okay.  All right.  Thank you.  All right.  I did get the reallocation ticket submitted.  Allow two to three business days to see it reflect on your account.  Is there anything else I can assist you with today?  So if we'll show on the next bill or will it show on the next, we'll just show digitally  onto the account.  I wish to show on your next bill as well.  You would see the principal balance down more.  Okay.  Yes, ma'am.  All right.  So, will that happen every time I add anything to principal?  I have to call you guys regarding that.  Typically no, but if you make your payments online, you can specifically choose where you  want the money going to, like if you pay on your online website.  But when you send a check, sometimes it does, you know, go to the incorrect places.  If you call in, you could always make a payment directly with us and we could make sure it  goes into the correct place.  Okay.  Well, thank you for that.  Thank you.  No problem.  Is there anything else I can do for you?  I believe that is it.  All right.  I hope you have a great rest of your day and there'll be a brief survey at the end of the  call.  All right.  Thank you.