Hello.  Can you hear me now?  Hey, yeah, I can hear you.  OK, thank you for calling Valen Morgan.  Tonya, agent ID number 1126 is called  maybe monitored or recorded for training and quality purposes.  So you get started.  May I have your first and last name, please?  Yeah, it's Kenny Swanson.  Thank you, one moment, please.  And I do see you verified through the automated IBR system.  Thank you very much for that.  And if I can just confirm, contact information is all up to date.  Is your mailing address still 415 North East Birch Street?  Is that Washington 98027?  Yep, that's right.  Thank you.  And email address we have is kenny.swanson at gmail.com.  Is that still a good email for you?  Correct.  Thank you.  And for your phone number is 949-767-767-6777.  Still a good number?  Yep.  All right, thank you so much for the information  and keeping us up to date.  Holding into the account here now.  All righty.  And I do see a new transfer as of December 1st.  Welcome to Valen.  And how may I help you today?  Yeah, I was just trying to see if I can get into my account yet.  I haven't received anything in the mail.  I don't believe in.  I didn't know if I already have a payment due.  It's going to start to double up on me.  The December payment is due.  Yes.  And it can help you get online if you like.  Have you tried to get into the account today?  Yeah, I think I tried to do the register.  My loan.  I have a loan number from Omaha, mutual loan  mahaw mortgage.  And I tried doing that in my Social Security,  and it didn't work.  I don't know if I've been giving a new loan number.  Yes, yes.  Did you have a new loan number with Valen?  And you would need to enter that one into the dashboard  to get registered.  I can give it to you when you're ready.  OK, yeah.  All right, it's 1 1 0 1 1 0 1 1 0 1 1 0 1 0 5 5 6 9 1 1 0 5 5 6 9.  1 1 0 1 1 0 1 1 0 5 5 6 9.  Yes.  OK.  I can go ahead and try to enter that with your social.  You should be able to get in.  All right, cool.  I think that won't work.  OK.  OK, yeah, I think I got it.  Oh, cool.  Great.  All righty.  So on your online dashboard, you can make payments there.  You just need to enter your bank account information.  You'll find all your statements.  OK.  OK.  Do you have any questions about what you're seeing there on the dashboard?  No, I don't think so.  I'm out of curiosity.  Is it possible to.  Is it possible to change the payment date?  It is not.  I'm sorry.  I think you have to.  Yeah, it's going to be the first, but you do have a grace pair each month.  It's on the 16th, 8 p.m. Eastern time.  Got it.  OK.  I'm all logged in and that works.  All right.  And just want to mention that we do have a welcome letter headed out to you.  In the next couple of days, it'll also be loaded online.  But there is important information in that packet.  Please keep an eye out for it.  You'll see on the cover page section for says how to update my insurance.  We will need you to reach out to insurance.  Just to let them know of the change over the balance.  It's really important when it comes time for the renewal that they know where to send the invoice.  We can make sure we get that paid in a timely manner for you.  Your renewal is not until September.  So it's nothing that you have an urgent deadline for,  but they won't make a change if we call them because we're kind of an unknown third party.  They don't know.  We have a new relationship yet.  So they won't make a change to your policy from, you know, an unknown.  Yeah, I've been through.  I've been through that.  Oh, okay.  Sorry about that.  Yeah, just the only thing we ask of you and then taxes will take care of setting everything up ourselves.  Okay.  All right.  Thank you very much.  Kenny, welcome to Valin.  Once again, there's a brief read at the end of the call.  Take care.  Have a good rest of your day.  Appreciate.  Thank you.  Thanks.