thing for calling Valen Mortgage. My name is Jacob. Agent ID is 1-320. Who do I  have the pleasure of speaking with today? Hi Jacob, this is Adria Magnus. Hello,  how are we doing today? Okay, I'm calling out a couple things I'm a little  confused about. I'm sure you can help me. Gotcha, gotcha. Yeah, let me actually...  Do you need help real fast? No, no. They actually populated when you called in so I  do appreciate that and it did show that you came in fully authenticated so I'll  be all good to go. Thank you though. All right. And I'm now to the count. What kind  of questions do we have for today? There are really two of them. One is there is a  late charge of 51-46. Apparently my... I've never paid anything late before.  Apparently my monthly amount changed and I had this on auto pay and so I just  assumed that the correct amount was going to be taken out and when I was  notified that it hadn't been, I paid the difference. But you still charged me a  late fee which I would like you to eliminate. We'll do. Mike and Def do that  right now. You're the best. And perfect. I was able to we have that  leafy up the account so there's no ascending fee balance anymore. Great. Now  my next question is I got a updated escrow analysis and payment update and  you know I'm gonna try to just auto pay again and I don't want to get myself in  trouble and I honestly can't tell what I am paying for December, January and  February. Gotcha. Yeah. This one, this escrow analysis I can tell it's a little  confusing so I can definitely break this down for you. Okay. So let me see. Escrow  analysis performed perfect.  Okay. So right now your payment amount is reflecting as a 1,689.90 cents. The  reason why it's reflecting that is because that will be the payment for  January. The reason why the January payment is less than the other ones is  because we did determine there was a surplus of $38.63 which we do have to  refund back to you. Let me see if that's been issued out. Yeah. Not yet. Let me take a  look into this real quick. Yeah. Aren't you just going to take it off  whatever my monthly payment is after that? I mean it looks like yeah. That is  accurate. So yes. So the January payment since there's a surplus of the $38.63 we're  actually just removing that from the January payment and then starting in  February the $17.28.53. That will be your new payment from February 2026 to  February of 2027. Okay. Okay. I was confused because it says that your new  monthly mortgage payment starting January 1st and I saw two numbers and I  wanted to make sure I had it correct. So okay. All right. So you answered my  questions. Yes. Are you going to be able to get some sort of confirming email  that you've eliminated that $51 fee? Let me see if I can type something up for you  right now. I mean I know I just got one from you saying I owed it to you so  somewhere in there if you just send a confirmation that would be great. Yeah  of course. Let me see.  Yes. I can definitely type something up for you. Let me get that going for you.  All right. Perfect. Yeah. I have that confirmation email just saying I was able  to delete the late fee and then I'll send that to the email that we have on  file which is a AMAG mom at iCloud.com. Is that correct? Yes. That is correct.  Yes. Perfect. So I have that sent out to you right now. You can expect it within  about a minute after this call. Yes. I'm not in any rush. I just appreciate  you doing this and you've been a great help. Thank you. Of course. And before I  let you go, were there any questions that I might have overlooked for today? I don't  think so. Oh, I just got your email. Perfect. Go to the bell. Yes.  All right.  And then before I do let you go, I do see that you've been building equity and  set your home. Just wait till now if you want to explore the option to access the  cash for things like home improvements. No, I do not. No worries. I'll let you go  so you have a wonderful day. There might be a brief survey at the ending of the  call. That's fine. That's fine. All right. Thank you so much. Of course. Bye bye.  Could I stay on the line for it or? Yes. It should populate after this call. If you  don't get a survey, that'll be okay. I know sometimes the system is low like 50-50  with them. So if you get one, I really do appreciate it. If you fill it out, if not,  that'll be okay. You enjoy your day. Okay. Thank you. You too. Thank you.