This is Yamilen, 1890, 1262.  Horado, pleasure speaking with you.  This is Amanda Brown.  Hi, how are you doing today?  I'm doing good.  Good to hear.  Let me open up your call.  I just see that you came and verified to the IVR system.  Thank you for that.  This calls modern and recorded for training and quality purposes.  One second.  And I also see that your loan is assigned to an EJ.  In order to provide you with the most accurate information,  I need to transfer you over before I do so.  Let me go ahead and open this up.  And I do see here that we received an incomplete mortgage assistance application  for the 65D-BAS deal.  Yes.  Okay.  And can I have the reason for your delinquency before we get started?  Well, it was because of the medical expenses and bills.  But, yeah, I was calling because I, when the forbearance ends,  I was just wanting to see what I could do other than extend it.  You want to extend it correct?  Well, the agent who before said that we could do like a lower payment.  Okay.  Okay.  So where do you stand at right now when you're delinquent with your hardship?  We've got my spotty cleared up.  Awesome.  So are you working now?  Yeah.  Awesome.  Do you live in your home correct?  Yeah.  Let me go ahead and see your forbearance is coming to an end and complete missing items.  Unable to verify your income, please provide current pay stub.  Hold on.  This changed for Chris Brown.  That's what's missing.  Okay.  Well, if, if I wanted to select the forbearance and, and, and start my payments  again, then I wouldn't have to complete that right.  Oh, that was a good question.  I'm not sure.  I'm not in that department.  I'm going to have to transfer you over.  Let me see if I have an agent available.  Bear with me.  I have.  And with this, you're on a brief hold.  Okay.  Don't have nobody available right now for you.  So I'm going to have to go ahead and put us a call back so they can  give you a call once they are available.  Okay.  So bear with me, Amanda, Amanda Brown.  Okay.  4, 3, 9, 8, 1, 0, 5, 3, 0, 4, 9, 4, 6, 8, 8, 8, 2, I am an 8, 8, 8, 8.  Okay.  Yes.  They're going to call you back as soon as they are available.  Okay.  So I did put for like a half 45 minutes to an hour for them to call you back.  Okay.  So hopefully they are done by then.  It's going to be coming from my 855 phone number.  Okay.  Okay.  You're all set.  Anything else you can do to assist you?  Awesome.  Well, you have a great rest of your day.  At the end of my call, there will be a brief survey.  Bye bye.