Hello. Thank you so much for contacting Valley Mortgage. My name is Miriam, Agent ID 1341.  I do want to let you know that this call will be monitored or recorded for quality assurance  purposes. Who do I have a pleasure speaking with?  Hi, Miriam. Good morning. This is Samuel from the Insurance Service Center in a recorded  line, calling in regards of loan number 645-677-0480.  Thank you so much. What is the homeowner's name?  Yeah. Mr. Hakim Giron. Well, he has some questions regarding his escrow balance. It's okay if  I transfer the call.  Oh, that's fine. You can get them over. Thank you.  Thank you. Can you repeat your ID again? I'm sorry.  1341.  1341. Guy, thank you so much.  Thank you.  Hello, Mr. Hakim.  Yes.  Thanks for holding. I got Miriam here, customer service representative. I'm leaving you in the  best hands. Thank you. Have a nice day.  Thank you.  Hello, everyone. I'm Mary with valid mortgage agent ID 1341. I do want to let you know that this  call will be monitored or recorded for quality assurance purposes. Do you mind providing me with  your person last name, please?  Yes, Hakim, last name, Giron.  Thank you so much. Do you mind verifying the last four of your social?  9096.  And your date of birth?  112651.  Perfect. Thank you so much. Give me one second.  And then I was able to pull up the account, but before I'm able to access it, it does  look like you've built equity in your home. Would you be interested in speaking with  somebody about that today?  No, not today.  No problem. And then I do understand that you have questions on your escrow balance.  How may I assist today?  Yeah, so I just want to get this up to date so that Amy is back to where it was.  Basically what happened, there were two policies. So they made it out twice.  Long story short, I got the refund check for one of the policies. So there's only one  active policy on file. So I just need to apply that refund check back to the escrow  accounts and see if there's anything else additional that's needed on top of that to  bring the payment back to where it should be instead of going up next month.  Got it. No problem. What is the amount that you received or that you're putting  back into the account?  Well, let me confirm the amount to be exact.  It's for $4,895.38.  I did look at the escrow statement online and it's showing,  if I'm not mistaken, it's showing the shortage of $5,244.64.  That is correct.  Okay. So that's what needs to be reapplied back and then you guys would  reanalyze the escrow. Is that how it works?  Yes. So are you looking to make just the $4,895.38 or are you looking to make  the shortage amount?  No. Well, I want to do the shortage that way it doesn't increase the payment.  Okay. So you're looking to do the $5,244.64?  Yes. And I was wondering, am I able to schedule that payment to be  drafted next week?  You can, yeah. Once the payment is cleared, then that'll be adjusted.  It does take about three to five business days for that to be adjusted.  Is that okay with you?  That's fine. Yeah, because I think that'll give us enough time.  I just, because I deposited a check, I just want to make sure it's  officially available before drafting.  So if we could schedule it maybe for the 8th of December to get  drafted.  Okay. And then I do want to let you know that when you pay the  shortage amount, your payment does decrease by approximately $437.05.  So your payment will approximately, let's see, one second.  It'll go from $29,901 to approximately $24,81.96.  Okay. Yeah, I think that's where it was.  Yeah. It was at $23,550, $4,550, so it'll still increase slightly,  but it won't go back to that specific amount.  I see. And just to understand.  I'm so sorry, you're cutting out. What was that?  Thank you.  I'm sorry.  You're like really like cutting out.  Like chopping. Can you hear me okay?  Yeah, so it sounds like you're speaking.  You're just like breaking up really bad.  I can't make out what you're saying.  I'm sorry.  Hello.  Hello.  Can you hear me okay?  Yes, can you hear me?  Yeah, so it sounds like you're speaking.  You're just like breaking up really bad.  I can't make out what you're saying.  I'm sorry.  Hello.  Hello.  Hello.  You do sound the same.  Okay, I'm sorry.