Holly Velen mortgage. My name is Laura. My agent ID is one three two one. May I have the first and the last time on the account?  Yes. Good morning, Laura. Happy holidays. My name is Vernon. Mr. Vernon, how are you today?  Good. How about yourself?  I'm good. Not very many people say happy holidays.  Well, it's the season, you know, we got three in a row. Thanksgiving, Christmas, then New Year's. It's enough to make your head explode.  McDonald's, M C D O N A L D.  Thank you. And I do see that you came fully right through the automated service. This call may be recorded for training quality purposes. How can I help?  I'm calling to find out. Are we okay on escrow?  Let me check the escrow. Yes. So we will be making a new escrow analysis not until February of next year. What I am seeing on your escrow account that is positive at this time. So you do have an available balance of one thousand one hundred and forty three dollars and fifty four cents.  Okay, we should have insurance. The property taxes just paid out recently, right? Yes. Uh huh. So we should have an insurance payment of eleven nine. Oh, nine eleven. Correct. But we'll, we'll have to escrow payments by that time.  Okay, and the escrow payment is going to be.  Escrow taxes and insurance one seventy one twenty four. You got it. Okay. So my escrow balance right now. I forgot to write that down. Oh, I'm sorry. Let me say to you again. Let's see. I went into your it's eleven forty three point fifty four sensor.  Eleven forty three fifty four. Yes, sir. Okay. And we're going to be paying out the insurance sometime in January. Right? Yes. Okay. So right now we got December one seventy one and change. I'm just going to round that up to one seventy two.  Seven seven eleven. So we'll have thirteen fifteen fifty four roughly by the end of December. Yes, sir. And then the amount that's going out is eleven nine. I believe. Right? Yes. Exactly. Eleven nine. Right. Okay. So, we're going to be paying out the insurance and insurance for that time of the year.  All right. So we'll have a cushion in the account. Okay. Good. All right. Let's see. Double check. Okay. January will be the new insurance company. I'm waiting to find out what's going on with them. I think it's going to be around eleven ninety seven next year.  I still got to find that information out. Okay. Escrow is okay. While I have you are, can we do a fund payment, please? Of course. Let's see. And then I'm not too sure if you're okay with the insurance you have right now, but we can help you find cheaper rates for insurance. Are you interested in doing that today?  Not really. Okay. I don't want to get into, you know, my credit. I don't want it to go down. My credit scores in the mid sevens. And the other thing that I didn't want to advise you is that we do have a PNC bank. Are you interested? Not interested, but would you like to make your payment with this bank account?  It's either sixty seven ninety seven or seventy eight seventy eight. Let me check. I have account ending and seven eight seven eight. Sir, is that okay? Yeah. PMC seventy eight seventy eight. Yes, please. Thank you. And you're not the right user to this bank account, sir. Yes, correct.  As of today, December eight twenty twenty five, you are giving valid mortgaging permission to make a one time electronic debit that is in the amount of four hundred and sixty five dollars in ninety four cents from the account ending and seven eight seven eight for the date of December eight twenty twenty five, correct?  Correct. Yes.  Please note that due to bank processing, it would take two to four business days to process the payment. If you have any additional questions, I would like to cancel this payment.  I hesitate to contact our customer service team for assistance by chat or a velen dot com or by phone at eight five five two one eight three six nine zero.  We are available before eight PM Easter standard time. Am I okay to proceed with this payment? Yeah, I'm not going to cancel it, but yes, correct. Please continue. Thank you.  And then I do see that you aren't registered on the website. Would you like me to help you register to make payments on your account?  Not really. I basically make my phone payments to you guys. And prior to you guys, I always made my phone payments to the people who have the mortgage. Thank you. Would you like a confirmation number for today's payment? Yes, please nine six nine nine six five nine eight nine two.  Nine six nine nine six five nine eight nine two. Yes, sir. Correct. Okay. Thank you. And once again, enjoy the upcoming holiday and happy new year. Take care now.  Thank you so much for your time. Please hold for a brief survey. I do. Thank you for your time as well.