This is Joshua agent ID one, four, three, two, come with our mortgage when I record that line. How you doing today? I'm doing okay, and if you can verify, only does it go on the property address please to one, two, three, nine thank you so much for with me one moment.  Okay, so you just want to give you a quick overview of the account before moving forward and I do show you active enough forbearance plan, which is actually the reason for my call today account is contract to the 58 days past to I showed the hardship was due to the unemployment initially is that is that still the case?  Oh, yeah. Okay. All right. And, like I say, I'm I was going to follow up with that on you with you on that on the unemployment and the.  It looks like the forbearance is coming to an end towards the end of January. So I wanted to see what your plan is. I have a call back request schedule from you from last week. I'm following up on that. And that as well. It looks like it was on regards to the forbearance plan.  Yes. Yes. Someone had called me and I missed the call. So I called back. So yeah, I know that it's over at the end of January.  And it should be, I think I'm paid up through November through October.  October. Yes. November, December and January. And then February will be due as of February 1st. Is that my understanding? Correct. Correct. Yes. Yes, ma'am.  Then now, do you need an extension of that forbearance? Are you still going through hardship or do you think you'll be ready to resume payments on on February?  As of now, I'm still going through the hardship. I'm working a temp job, which is maintaining, you know, household bills, but it doesn't have enough to cover in full.  My mortgage.  But I am planning to pay at least two months up in January.  Right. I'm going to go ahead and finish and I will send you an application because, regardless, if we're doing an extension of the forbearance, or if you want to apply for long term options, you will need to fill out that application that I send you.  I'm sending over to your email, so you should be getting within the next few minutes. If you haven't already fill out the application when you have some time, maybe this weekend or during this week, please fill out that application.  And it should give you an option there to put your hardship status as well, you know, so just put what's going on, basically, and then we'll review based on that, because the hardship is still ongoing.  Most likely we'll review for an extension, but usually when the forbearance goes over six months, we have to do it this way instead of over the phone, like verbally.  For the extension after the six months, we do need the application to be able to have it on file and make it like a formal forbearance.  I see. Yep, I have it.  Alrighty, so just fill that out when you have some time, send it in. It should take about a week or so to hear back if anything else is needed. If nothing is needed, you'll probably just get an email saying that it's been approved for the extension.  And if you don't apply for the extension and you apply for other options for us to help you bring a current, you should be getting the response within 30 days at most.  Okay.  Alright, any questions about these, about the process, anything for me to finish?  Yeah, so.  Okay, so with this application, I don't know what the other options are short of, I don't want to give up my home.  It will depend, it will honestly depend on your situation. So if the hardship is not resolved, which you're, that would be you're not ready to resume payments yet, we're going to review you for an extension of the forbearance. That's the only thing that we can give you.  Now, the long term options will come when you're ready to resume payments, because we don't want to give you an option for you to resume payments and then you default again and then you're no longer going to have that option, because we can only do it every 12 months.  So, yeah, so if the hardship is resolved, we'll give you either a deferral of the payment, where we take the payments and move them to the end of the loan and just bring your current or a modification, which  it's similar to the deferral, but it changes the terms of the loan, because instead of putting it at the end, it just rolls it into the same loan, so it'll make your loan longer.  So it's different options you can qualify for when the hardship is resolved and you're ready to resume payments, but if we give you those now and then you default again, you're no longer going to have those and then it's basically going to set you off of the default.  I gotcha. Okay, that answers my question. That was my question.  No problem. Anything else you can think of?  No, I'm going to take a look at the application. I do have it.  Okay, nice.  It takes a while, so I'm going to...  No problem. Thank you so much for taking my call then. You have a great rest of your day. Happy New Year.  Okay, thank you. You too.  Thank you. Bye bye.