Thank you for calling Valon mortgage. My name is Alexia. My agent ID is 1424. I do want to let you know that you're being recorded a monitor for training quality purposes. May I have your first and last name?  Well, first name is a last name is when and why.  Allow me 1 moment to open up your account.  Silence.  Silence.  Silence.  Silence.  Hello.  Yes, ma'am. Sorry, I was pulling up your account.  So you came through fully authenticated. How may I assist you?  Last time we made a payment clearly on the little payment ticket to be added to additional principal.  So when we got the next payment, the upcoming one, it says that interest was taken out of it. Why was it not added to principal like we added onto the line?  It should have been right. So I see the payment and I see.  I did go to interest and 155.77.  Went towards principle you, but you just wanted the whole 15 into additional principle.  Yes, we, there's only the line for additional principle and we just put 15 K for additional principle, not for interest or any other payment. We had a separate check.  For that monthly payment and then a separate just for the principle.  All right. Allow me just 1 moment to get this.  Reallocated correctly. I'm going to place you on a hold and I will take care of this for you. Okay. All right. Thank you.  All right. I did get that reallocation ticket submitted.  Allow 2 to 3 business days to see it reflect on your account. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?  So it will show on the next bill or will it show on the next will just show digitally on to the camera show on your next bill as well.  You would see the your principal balance down more. Yes, ma'am.  So what that happened every time I add anything to principle, I have to call you guys regarding that.  Typically no, but if you make your payments online, you can specifically choose where you want the money going to.  I give you pay on your online website, but when you send a check, sometimes it does go to the incorrect places.  Or if you call in, you can always make a payment directly with us and we could make sure it goes into the correct place.  Okay. Well, thank you for that. Thank you.  No problem. Is there anything else I can do for you?  I believe that is it. All right. I hope you have a great rest of your day and there'll be a brave survey at the end of the call.  All right. Thank you.