Thank you for calling. Allen mortgage. This is James agent ID number 1030 on a recording line. Who do I have the pleasure speaking with today? Yes. Hi, my name is Juana. Thank you for that. I do see that you're fully authenticated through the system. How can I help you out today?  Yes, I'm going just to ask about the PMI removal. I don't know if we qualify yet, or I don't know what I need to do. Yeah, I can definitely take a look. Okay.  I just wanted to confirm some quick contact information. The 941.  Yeah, 941 sorry 9141 chocolate sheet and ozone Park, New York. Is that still the correct mailing address? Yes. Yes, it is. Alrighty. And then the email address. I have  Your first and last name 29 at gmail.com. Is that correct? Correct. Yeah. Alrighty. Perfect. So let me take a look here.  Because oftentimes it does have an automatic termination date, but let me see if there's anything that we would need in order to get to remove off the account. Bear with me one moment. Yeah, sure.  Okay, so it looks fine.  Okay, so it looks like the automatic termination date is October 1st, 2035. But if you're wanting to see if it could remove before then, then I do have an email address that you would be able to submit the request directly to our mortgage insurance team.  And then they'll be able to let you know if you qualify to have it removed here sooner.  What is what is the condition? Like when I have to, like, cause the letter that you guys send me, it says that we've been paying the mortgage for a year and without missing any payment. Was that like the one condition or is there any other? Yeah, that is yeah. So one of the conditions is we want to make sure that you have a clean payment history.  And then we also take a look at your loan to value ratio. We're looking for it to be at 80% or below, and that'll definitely help get it removed. That'll help with getting it removed off of the account as well.  Okay, I can try. I mean, you know, it doesn't hurt. Yeah, and it's absolutely and if there's anything else that they need, or that would help, they'll definitely be able to explain that in detail for you to help get it removed off of the account.  Okay, great. Okay, so the email address that you'll send the email directly to our insurance team is going to be more than likely to get it removed off of the account.  Mortgage, give me one second. Okay, mortgage and then the minus sign.  Okay, insurance.  I'm sorry. The minus sign insurance. Okay.  At Valen dot com.  Okay. And then I'll repeat it.  And just to make sure you have a correct its mortgage, the minus sign insurance at Valen dot com.  And then you would just essentially include your loan number and the subject line of the email. And then you would be able to ask, hey, I'm looking to get more information about removing my private mortgage insurance.  Can you please assess? And then we'll get back in touch with you. I would say within three to five business days.  Maybe sooner, just depending on our caseload and then we'll kind of give you a little bit more information about that. Okay. All right. Thank you so much. Oh, you're welcome. Did you have any other concerns or questions? I actually have another. I don't know.  So, when I got the long through the bank.  I don't remember the name of the bank or something.  He's the guy that helped me told me that I can refinance after certain time.  Well, you know, and I will. Can we qualify for that yet or not yet? The interest rate is higher than.  Yeah, so for that part, I'm not 100% sure. So what I would have to do if you wanted to is I can transfer you directly to our lending department and then they would be able to give you more information about interest rates or to see if you qualify for refinance.  I'm going to call back later. Let me take one at one thing at a time. I'm going to. Okay. Yeah. I'll call back. Thank you so much for your help.  Oh, you're welcome. There is a survey at the end of the call. I hope you enjoy the rest of your day. Okay.  You too. Bye. Bye.