Hello. Thank you for calling violent mortgage. My name is Jacob, agent IDs 1502-0.  Who got the pleasure of speaking with today? Anthony Balaty. Thank you. How are we doing today?  I'm doing okay. I went to go make a payment today because I always make my payments. I normally make  it on the 30th, but it said that my payments were 31 and change. I'm not understanding  why is it 3000 and change if every month I used to pay 18 and something.  Yeah, let me take a look for you.  Since when I have to pay escrow that much and in one shot.  Take a look into this for you. Bear with me for one moment. I'm going to review this information.  So when this come out the 10th taper.  I'm going to review this escrow analysis to see what information is reflecting on this.  And then I'll confirm if this information is correct with my system.  And if not, we can definitely get this change for you. Bear with me for one moment, please.  Hello insurance.  See taxes and property insurance.  Still reviewing this information. Bear with me for one moment, please.  All right, I see the issue here is on this escrow analysis that you received,  it did state that at the ending of December, we would be paying out your flood insurance  as a premium of $6,622, but that flood insurance disbursement never went out. So technically,  that's incorrect information. I'll let my escrow management team know that they need to run a new  analysis with the correct activity history that took place. But ultimately, I do want to let you  know for the flood insurance information, we do have an expired policy. We do not have an active  policy for your flood as of right now. How is that if I still have insurance effective until the end  of this month? So I do see we have your property insurance is just that labeled on the system  is showing that the flood insurance is expired. Is your flood included within your homeowners?  Yeah, everything should be in there, but I don't even live in the flood area.  There's not one lick of water nowhere near me. But I'm not assuming, you know, everything should  be included in that. When I got this, the person that I dealt with also deals with the  mortgage, I dealt with people that work together and know what each other needs.  So they put down everything that I needed on this policy.  Like literally my, my, my, my, my, uh, the banker people that did everything and put the loan  and originally, that was my brother-in-law. The person that did my insurance, that was my cousin.  So these are all people that literally work together. So they all know what each other needs.  All right. Let me see here.  I might have to contact my insurance department to see if they have any information about that  flood policy. Um, because right now I don't see anything on my end.  A year for flood insurance is insane, especially when I don't live in a flood area. That's why I  even moved here because the flood risk was like almost nothing.  Yeah. Let me see if they have the information just because it's not reflecting on my end.  I do my own patient a brief photo. I talked to them real quick.  All right. Thank you. Hello, Anthony. Still with me?  Yes. Thank you for holding pause about the extreme long wait time.  So I just got done speaking with the, an agent in the insurance department just to confirm the  information. Um, so I tried to ask if he had any information about flood policy. He just  showed, he just explained that he has the same information reflecting on my end as well.  I asked then if he could confirm if the flood insurance, um, information was included in the  homeowners policy that he sent over to us. He wasn't able to access the information,  but he did let me know that if the information was added or if that information is included  within that policy, there would be a second or a separate declaration page for the flood  insurance. So we can have that added to the account. But before we, you know,  get it until that he did let me know that on his system, that it's reflecting that you're  not in a flood zone. So that's making me think that we don't need a flood insurance  policy because the flood zone is not required. Um, but on my end, it's those,  it's still showing that is required. So at this moment, what I will do is just to,  so we can get all the information cleared up and everything. I was still submitting requests  by escrow management team stating that the escrow account activity that's labeled on that  analysis is incorrect because it did state that there was a $6,000 insurance premium going out  in the ending of October, which never happened, which is causing this payment to increase this  much. Um, but ultimately I do have to get this information fixed of the property insurance  or yeah, the property insurance information. So would you like me to get the information  of the property insurance fixed first before you handle the escrow analysis issue or should  I get the escrow analysis? Yeah, that was going to actually make the calls. I got a renew. I have  the property insurance until they just sent me the papers. So I'm trying to, um, call them  because I just literally got the new papers for the renewal, but I know the one that I have now  is good to December 30th. Right. For farmers. Yes. And it looks like we do have that upcoming  policy as well. Cause it did state that a policy would take place on the 30th for after your  active policy expires and it's from farmers as well. So I'm, I'm pretty sure we already have that  new renewal information cause they're reflecting on my system. It's just that I have to confirm  with my property insurance team to get the exact information. If you do need a flood insurance  policy and then I can submit the information of if the policy that we already have on file  includes that flood information. But again, I do have to wait until they confirm the information  with me. If the flood insurance is required or not. Um, just because if the information that  the insurance agent told me is correct, you're not being in a flood zone, then the flood  insurance would not be required out of you. It would just be optional. So definitely want  to get that confirmed with you. But ultimately I do want to get the escrow analysis information  corrected first so you can make your December's payment on time. So if you would like, I can  put in that escrow request first and then fix the property insurance information or confirm  the property information with you later on. Yes. I just want to hear up and get this cause  like I said, I like to pay, I live on a certain income and I want to be able to be able to pay  this and get out the way cause I can't pay other bills until I take care of my mortgage  and my HOA's and all that. And that's what I'm saying. Whatever I need it, I know it's supposed  to have. So I, you know, if they saying that I have flood insurance, I'm like, I'm not  understanding why. Cause when I live in a condo, I don't live in a house to I live on a hill  and three is not a flood zone. That's why I picked this place.  Right. Right. And I definitely want to get that confirmed my property insurance team  as well. But ultimately the main thing that I think we're both worried about is making  sure you're able to make that payment on time. So I definitely want to get this payment adjusted  first before you can make that payment. So you don't pay over.  Okay. So yeah, let me just type this request in real quick for my escrow management team.  And then I'll notify them that there are some issues going on with property insurance. So  whenever they fix this issue, they'll send this ticket request back to me. I'll update  you with that information. And then I'll then get some,  then I'll confirm with my property insurance team about the flood issue and things like that.  All right. It'd take about one or two minutes if you don't mind. No problem.  Okay.  Okay.  Let me see here. Almost done.  Okay.  Let me see here.  Okay. And I'm just providing some more information for my  escrow management team so they have a better look into what I'm looking at.  Okay.  All right. Perfect. So I have that all typed up. Just basically saying what I told you,  the information of the account activity is reflecting something incorrectly.  I did provide some more information of what I was looking at to my escrow management team.  I'm asking if they can review the account and update the information to reflect  accurate information. I do want to let you know the average timeline for this process is around  three to five business days. So whenever I do get updated status, I'll make sure to notify you  as soon as possible. All right. And is this going to be done before the payment needs to be done?  Yes, sir. This will be done before the 16th because that is the cutoff before the late fees  start being added to the account. So this will be addressed and should be updated before that  happens. I'll make sure to notify you so you can get the notification of making a payment.  So whenever I do call you or email you about this at that moment, that's when you can make  that payment. If you have any questions, I'd be happy to answer those questions. But ultimately,  once I do notify you, I'll then get in contact with my property insurance team  just to confirm the whole flood issue. All right.  Perfect. And besides this issue with the payment increasing and then obviously I'll confirm the  information with the flood insurance as well. Were there any other questions or concerns I might  have overlooked? No, that's it right now. I'm actually about to call the insurance company  and make that payment. I was just holding off because I'm still under the insurance,  but I know that they renew it. They just sent me the papers for it.  Gotcha. Gotcha. Yeah. So I'll definitely confirm all this information with you when I do get that  back. And then ultimately, I'll have a new analysis performed as well. So you should  be able to make your payment within that timeframe. All right. Thank you.  Of course. If there's no other questions, I'll let you go so you have a wonderful day. There  might be a brief survey at the end of the call. All right. Thank you.