Thank you for calling valid mortgage. My name is Jacob agent ID 1 2 3 0. Who are the pleasure speaking with today?  I'm sorry. What was your name Jacob? Yes  Hi Jacob. My name is Albert sue HS you  Okay, do you have a loan number so I can pull up that account  No, I I've been told that the mortgage got transferred to you  I know this is not your fault  But they never gave me a loan number and so I'm trying to figure out how to make payments when I drive a loan number  Incredibly irritating. Do you have the old loan numbers? I can pull it up again my my end with that  They just set up a loan. So I'm not sure what that number is. Is there any other way to look it up or you can't do anything  What's the property address  Oh  Now hold on it's 1 6 0 5 Labrador Drive in Columbia, Missouri  Can you spell the name of the street  Labrador like the dog L A B R A D O R Drive  I  Just moments  I  Okay here and then I do just have to let you know that the call may be monitored and they're recorded for quality  And that'd be great now  Please take a complaint that that I was told that my book that my mortgage was sold to a new new  To Valen and I never got a mortgage number. So that's the number one thing I need from you guys  And can you verify the last four digits of your social?  Two three zero seven and can you verify the date of birth? I'm ten twenty six seventy four  Just make sure we have the most up-to-date contact information for you regarding the transfer so  Phone number I have listed here is five one three five eight four one zero zero zero is what I have a file  Nope  Okay, I'm just gonna edit that and what's the better contact number for you  757  354 23 7 7  All right  And then email address I do show is scoober hsu at gmail.com that's correct  I  Have another call in five minutes, too, so I can't I can't wait. Yeah, I'm sorry  I'm just I just has the questions at the amps and then mailing address. I understand I just  Go ahead  Yeah, the mailing address. I do show is three nine. Sorry seven nine three five Ashley view Drive Cincinnati, Ohio five  I'm sorry four five two two seven  That is correct  Here and yes, I do show that the loan did transferred on December 1st to us, and I do have that new law number  That would be great. What does when you're ready?  Yep  Yep, so that's going to be one one zero one  one zero  six nine four one  I'm gonna read that back to you. I've got one one  zero one one zero six nine four one  That is correct  Okay, please confirm the  Mailing address so that I can get them to send you check correctly  Mailing address for the  Where to send a text to yeah, yes, please  Yep, so it's going to be valid mortgage ink  Yeah, and it's going to be PO box  66  0043 okay, they never gave me that they gave me a Gemini Drive in Beaverton  Yeah, that is a general mailing address  So should I be sent to that or the PO box you're gonna give me the PO box that I'm mentioning  Okay, I have not that nowhere. Okay. What's the PO box?  So valid mortgage ink and then PO box six six zero zero or three  Dallas, Texas  seven five two six six  All right, well this is extremely poor and I know it's not your fault so you said PO box here  So  You said PO box six six zero zero four three in  Dallas, Texas and  You said seven five two six six. Is that right? That is correct  Okay, so that's nowhere in any of the materials that I received  They gave me a business mailing address of nine four five zero  Southwest Gemini Drive in Beaverton, Oregon of nine seven zero zero eight, but do not send it to there, right?  Yeah, don't send it to there. That's just just sending like  Correspondence or anything like that. That's not a payment address  But actually they told me that that's the payment address in the message I got yeah, that's not the payment  I am so incredibly irritated. That is really erroneous  Wow, okay. Well, I will send a complaint letter. I'm saying that to the people who sent me this email  Thank you for your time. You've been wonderful. But again, this is this is very very poor business practice from the people who I get the notice of mortgage  servicing  Thank you for your time. You're very welcome. You have a great rest of your day. You too. Bye