Yes. Hi, this is A. Arnold with Ballon Mortgage again,  Asian ID 1400 on the recording line.  Can you verify your property address, zip code form?  02864.  Okay, thank you for that.  I apologize, I had to call you right back, but I wanted to make sure I made you aware the  requirement is going to be for two payments because you'll, we have to have a process in month.  You will, in two days, you'll be seven months past due, so we can't process it.  We won't be able, they won't be able to process it.  They're going to deny it out, so I don't want that to happen without you being aware  that the requirement is going to be for two payments to be made in order for them to finalize  or for them to process it.  Are you able to?  When do I have, when do I have to make those payments?  As soon as possible, because once January 1st hits, you're going to be due for seven payments,  and it's already been submitted over to the underwriting team as of today.  And if they start their review, it's going to get denied out because it's going  to be past the required timeframe.  So that could be rather early in their process review.  So that could be as early as, as next, what's today, as early as next week pretty much  because Friday's a second, so I would say, yeah, as early as next week, it could get denied out.  Yes, but that is not fair because, no, I can't.  That's not fair because I've been speaking to your company for over a month,  and they asked me all the questions.  I said that I needed to put these payments at the end of the loan.  They said, okay, I was under the impression that this was being processed.  When I've been speaking to someone, they've been calling me every other week, every week,  and I asked for that, and they tell me that it's in process.  So nobody's told me that I needed to make these payments.  I don't have two payments.  No, I don't have a payment for next week.  So I don't think you're being fair to me at all.  Okay, so we did reach out because the payment deferral was requested verbally,  and like I had mentioned previously, we had to get some information from them.  Nobody's called me.  Nobody's left me a message.  No.  We have called you.  We have called you.  Okay. Did you leave a message?  I'm not sure if they left a message.  They're not necessarily required to leave a message, but they did call you on November 28th.  How am I going to know that you're calling me if you're not leaving me a message?  You're not making any sense.  This is the same way you saw us calling now, and you answered.  You see that number.  It's the same number every time.  So we called on November 28th.  Do you know how many people call me every day?  I understand.  And every time I saw two missed calls, I saw two missed calls, and I did call back,  and I get the collections department, and they verify the information.  They tell me that it's in process.  I did call twice.  So yes, I did speak to someone actually last week, and they said that it was in process.  They've never told me that they need a verification or additional information.  No. I was never being told that.  So I'm not sure whether it's coming or not.  I'm sorry that you weren't told that then, but, you know, as I was going through  and submitting it over, and going through the unwriting, and just as I was finalizing  everything after we got out the call, I realized that it's going to get denied out.  So if you don't have the two payments, then I think the best option would be for you  to do an application, and possibly see if you can qualify for a modification,  which won't require it, if you don't want to do a modification.  No, I don't want to do a modification, because I am in the program to defer six months.  That's because I had a hardship.  But I am back now, but you're asking for two payments.  That's 25, 2,900 times two.  So that's over $5,000.  Nobody has that kind of money.  I mean, nobody I know, I just came out of a hardship.  I'm just trying to catch up on myself.  I completely understand that, Ms. Ensign.  I'm just, I just know that what the requirements are in spite of the forbearance that you were in.  I submitted a long, about a month ago.  So if this is submitted a month ago, I would have not been in this, in this situation.  You're submitting this one day before, before my, my modification is up.  I mean, I don't know how many cases you have, but when you got to my case, I mean,  you got to my case on the last day of the year, and that's not fair to me.  Are you able to make one payment and I can try and get them to escalate it?  I'm not able to make one payment, no, because I have 15 days to make the payment.  So I was going to try and make the payment next week.  Okay. Well, I will, I will put that in the, that communication in the request to them  and we will see what the underwriting team says.  And I will advise them that it should have been submitted previously and see if they're able  to do anything, I can't make any guarantees that that is going to suffice, but.  I mean, just put yourself in my shoes, it is not fair.  Can you please explain to them that I was just notified today that I have to make the payments?  I mean, I will, I will absolutely indicate that, but understand  that we have been trying to call you as well.  I do not have any messages and every time I had a missed call, which was twice, I called back.  And I was not, and I did not speak to anybody.  Okay. And it was just that an actual, they went over my account.  They asked me for my information and they told me that it's in process.  And if you can see the notes, I'm sure that you're going to verify that.  Yes, ma'am.  Somebody's never told me that they needed to verify information for me,  for me to be actually submit an application.  I was under the impression because they've told me many times  that the application is in process and it takes 30 days.  Okay. Well, I will submit, I will submit that over.  I see that I'm just letting you know the information that I have in front of me  and we'll see what the outcome is.  Okay.  Yes, ma'am.  All right.  Thank you again for taking my call.  You're welcome.  Okay. Bye.