calling valor mortgage my name is Christian agent ID 1374 and who'd have the pleasure of speaking with  hi my name is Jean Pierre and I received a check for 373 dollars and 33 cents from you guys from  valor mortgage Inc and with no explanation I don't know because my mortgage was recently sold to you  guys from wholesale mortgage so I don't know what the 373 dollars was for um is this like a late fee  no that's I receive a check oh a check uh give me a second I have to get into your account do  you happen to have your loan number uh no okay do you have your address property address yes  is 531 north east answords street a i n s go ahead  ainsworth a i n s s i a i n s w o r t h correct straight  hmm  portland oregon portland gachi  okay and that's 531 northeast ainsworth correct  and correct street yes one second  okay  um  give me one second my screen's loading  um  And the name on the account is John Pietala.  Perfect.  Can I find your information? Just give me a second to get into your account, okay?  Okay.  Just so you know, this call may be monitored and recorded for training and quality purposes.  May I get the last four of your social?  6385.  And the property zip code?  97211.  Perfect. Give me one second. I'm almost in the account.  Just need to make sure I have the most up-to-date contact information for you.  Best number to reach you at is the phone number you're calling on, correct?  Yes.  And I have JPTALA97211 at yahoo.com. Is that your email address?  Correct.  And I have the mailing address as the address that I found you by, correct?  Yes.  Perfect. Give me one second. I'm almost in the account.  Perfect.  Okay.  And I'm just going to look at your escrow statement. It looks like it was sent to you just recently.  This escrow statement shows that you have a surplus, meaning there was extra money in your escrow account.  So anything over $50 we send to you.  And that's what looks like it happened.  We sent you the $373.33 because that was how much is over in the account.  Okay. That's the reason. Okay.  It didn't attach. It didn't come with the account.  If it had expanded on the attachment, then I wouldn't be calling.  I just resent you the email. You should receive it now. I just resent the email. Check your spam.  But it's the email that I sent you that does have the escrow statement in it that does give an explanation on that.  Okay.  Okay. Thank you.  No problem at all. Is there anything else I'm able to help you with?  No. That's all.  There's a brief survey for me at the end of this call.  I hope you enjoy the rest of your day and happy holidays. Okay.  Thanks.