Calling on mortgage, my name is Flora, my agent, IDS1321.  May I have your first and your last name?  Yeah, my first name is Ceri, S-E-R-R-Y.  Last name is Melo, M-E-L-L-O.  And also, Ginger Melo, G-I-N-G-E-R,  M-E-L-L-O, calling on request 70340.  829, concerning Jerry F. Clark.  I'm sorry, where are you calling from?  Where am I calling from?  Yes, sir, are you the account holder?  No, the account holder was Jerry F. Clark.  He has passed away.  Okay, I'm sorry to hear that.  Ginger and I have been trying to work with the service team  to get a, for over a couple weeks now,  a payoff figure for the title company  for a pending closing.  Okay, and I can give you the information  and where to send your request.  Again, I'm responding with this email communications  back and forth here with your services team.  Okay.  The last one I got was today from Salinda.  I'm not sure what that is, Master.  I'm unable to pull anything  without you being authorized on the account,  so if there are any-  Do you need to talk to Ginger?  I don't have those names on the account, so-  Well, we've talked to other agents already  concerning this mortgage.  And again, there's a request in  and we've been doing email communications.  Can you please-  It's back, please.  Yeah, we've sent proof of death.  Ginger is the state holder of Jerry Clark.  She's a personal rep.  Okay, so they only work through email.  Unfortunately, we don't see the information.  Once we see the information,  then we can go into the accounts here,  but I don't see any details that are being updated  with the authorization as of right now.  I'm sorry.  Well, I don't understand  because we've already called before  and we've spoke with actually agents a couple of times,  Jasmine on the phone, Cesar.  I've been logging all the phone calls  and then there's emails coming back and forth with Ginger.  So I don't understand why you can't,  we can't go any further right now.  Yeah, because-  Can't you look up that-  Can't you look up that request number?  What's the request number that they're giving you?  7-0-3-4-8-2-9.  Yeah, okay.  Now it's saying it's pending, sir.  That's what it's saying right now.  Yes, that's correct.  Yeah, it's saying it's pending.  Yes.  Okay, do you see the communication?  No, it's just telling me that this ticket is pending,  but yes, I do see the ticket.  It's still in process right now.  Yeah, right, and the latest email we, okay.  The email I just got, we got today,  wants two more documents, okay,  because we've already sent them the death certificate  and we've also sent them documents  that Ginger is the  personal representative of the estate, okay.  Now,  well, what they're asking for to complete this...  Oh, Ginger, being successors in interest,  she needs to supply proof of ownership.  Please provide all pages of the recorded deed.  And the second bullet point is a copy  of your government issue photo ID.  Now, one of my questions is,  is that requiring Ginger to show her photo ID?  I would send it yes.  And if not, you can always reply to Celinda  who's requesting it and ask her that question.  Okay, now I'm not sure about the recorded deed  about getting, you know,  I don't know what steps I needed to get that for Celinda.  Yeah, I'm not too sure either, sir.  All I know is that our support team is...  All right, I'll just respond to the email.  Okay.  Yes, Celinda, if we'll send only the information,  I'm so sorry, but I do see it.  So if you're unable, or should I say,  don't understand just advice of what it is you can send  and what you cannot send,  she'll let you know if it's accepted or not accepted  or what other documents she can actually accept.  All right, I'm gonna send her the photo ID,  but then we'll still have a question  about how we're able to send the recorded deed.  I mean, institution keeps throwing roadblocks,  and we're just trying to get through  on the closing of the property,  but we can't get started until we get a payoff figure.  And every time, you know, to get the payoff figure,  we're going, you're making those jumps  through all kind of loops here.  And it's getting very frustrating.  It's been over a couple of weeks now.  And that's why I sound irritated, because I am, you know?  I completely understand that.  All right, I'm gonna hang up with you.  I will sponsor the email  and give her one of the two items, I believe,  and then we'll have to take her from there.  All right, thank you.  Yes, no problem, sir.  Have a good rest of your day.  Thank you for your time.