Hello.  Hello, can you hear me now? Hey, yeah, I can hear you. Okay. Thank you for calling valid mortgage. Tanya agent ID number eleven twenty six is called maybe monitor to recorded for training and quality purposes to get started.  May have your first and last name, please. Yeah, it's Kenny Swanson.  Thank you. One moment, please.  And I do see you verified through the automated system. Thank you very much for that. And if I can just confirm contact information as all up to date, is your mailing address still for fifteen North East birch street.  Washington nine eight zero two seven.  Yep, thank you. And email address we have is Kenny dot Swanson at gmail dot com. Is that still a good email for you?  Correct. Thank you. And for your phone number is nine four nine seven six seven seven six seven seven. Still a good number. Yep. All right. Thank you so much for the information and keeping us up to date putting into the account here now.  All righty. And I do see a new transfer as of December. First, welcome to Valen. All right. And how may help you today?  Yeah, I was just trying to see if I can like, get into my account yet.  I haven't received anything in the mail. I don't believe and I didn't know if, like, I already have a payment due and it's going to start to, like.  Double up on me, the December payment is due.  Yes, and it can help you get online. If you like, have you tried to get into the account today?  Yeah, it's I think I tried to do, like, the register my loan. I have a loan number from Omaha, the Omaha mortgage, and I tried doing that in my social security and it didn't work.  Okay, I've been giving a new loan number. Yes. Yes. You do have a new loan number with Valen and you would need to enter that one into the dashboard to get registered. I can give it to you when you're ready.  Okay. Yeah. All right. It's one, one, zero, one, one, zero, one, one, zero, five, five, six, nine, one, one, zero, one, one, zero, five, five, six, nine. Yes. Okay.  I can go ahead and try to enter that with your social. You should be able to get in.  All right, cool. I think that won't work.  Okay.  Okay.  Yeah, I think I got it. Cool. Great.  All righty. So on your online dashboard, you can make payments there. You just need to enter your bank account information. You'll find all your statements. Okay.  Do you have any questions about what you're seeing there on the dashboard?  No, I don't think so. Out of curiosity, is it possible to change the payment date?  It is not. I'm sorry. I think you have to. Yeah, it's going to be the first, but you do have a grace period each month. It ends on the 16th, 8 p.m. Eastern time.  Got it. Okay. I'm all logged in and that works. Okay. All right. And just want to mention that we do have a welcome letter headed out to you in the next couple of days.  It'll also be loaded online, but there is important information in that packet. Please keep an eye out for it. You'll see on the cover page, Section 4 says how to update my insurance.  We will need you to reach out to insurance just to let them know of the change over to Valin. It's really important when it comes time for the renewal that they know where to send the invoice.  We can make sure we get that paid in a timely manner for you. The renewal is not until September, so it's nothing that you have an urgent deadline for.  But they won't make the change if we call them because we're kind of an unknown third party. They don't know we have a new relationship yet, so they won't make a change to your policy from an unknown third party.  Yeah, I've been through. I've been through that. Oh, okay. Sorry about that. Yeah. Just the only thing we ask of you and then taxes will take care of setting everything up ourselves.  Okay. All right. Thank you very much Kenny. Welcome to Valin. Once again, there's a brief at the end of the call. Take care. Have a good rest of your day. Appreciate it. Thank you.