Hi. Thank you for calling Vala Mortgage. My name is Charlotte, agent ID number 1152.  Who do I have the pleasure of speaking with?  Charlotte, this is Roman from the sharing service department on a recorded line for quality training purposes.  What's happening? How are you?  Charlotte, I'm doing well. How about yourself?  Man, one of your agents made me mad today.  Oh, no, that wasn't me. I could tell you that.  No, it wasn't you. It was one of the people on your side, though.  Oh, yeah. I'm not going to speak for everybody. I speak for myself.  Yep. Nope. I like you. Good dude. What's happening? What's going on?  I have an upset customer. So here we go. It's not one of us. It's the customer now.  Mr. Francisco Hernandez, loan number 9295409840.  He wants to discuss his escrow account.  Oh, God.  Did you advise him that I'm going to have to validate his identity when you transfer him?  No, but I think it'll be fine. I mean, he's already upset.  Roman, you're really trying to get me in trouble today.  Hey, I took the heat. You know, I took part of the heat. You could take the other part.  Good.  Okay, Charlotte.  Good.  Let me bring him over.  No, get him transferred over. I'll get it. I got it.  All right. Thanks, Charlotte.  Mr. Hernandez.  Sir.  Yeah, go ahead.  Okay. I have Charlotte from a customer service department.  She's going to be taking care of you regarding your escrow questions.  Okay.  Okay.  Just to remind you, we are on a recorded call. Charlotte, go ahead.  Hi, this is Charlotte agent ID number 1152 here at Valen mortgage on a recorded line.  Who do I have the pleasure of speaking with?  Francisco Hernandez.  How are you doing today, Francisco?  I just wanted to say thank you for calling the service center, Mr. Francisco.  Bye-bye, Charlotte.  Oh, sorry.  Thank you.  That's okay, Roman. Thank you.  All right. Sorry about that.  How are you doing today?  Okay. Okay. I'm trying to figure it out. I'm trying to get insurance.  I was going to do insurance with a company that shows on your system.  Okay.  But they were, they were quoting me something different.  Something with a call DP one.  Uh, which he basically, he, he.  It takes a lot of the, uh,  Hey.  Hey.  Coverage. If you want to put it like that from H O three.  I don't know why they do that and why they didn't tell me anything about it.  But anyway,  so I called a couple of places around and I found one that is a lot more.  Uh,  but it covers me.  Uh, some, so anyway,  I wanted to find out he was not able to tell me how much is in my escrow.  When I look at my account,  I couldn't see it because it shows that they already have withdraw the  money or something like that. And I didn't, I didn't approve anything.  And, uh,  I'm trying to talk to these people so they supposed to be sending you the  papers or the insurance or whatever is that you guys need, you know,  to put it in the system.  And with the remaining of the escrow,  I guess you guys divided that into monthly payments or something like  that, right?  Um, yes and no.  Um, escrow is a little tricky.  Okay.  Um,  let me go ahead and verify the account with you and your identity.  And then I'll be more than happy to go ahead and take a look at what  we have on file and what's notated on the account.  Uh, to be able to better assist and answer your questions and  concerns regarding the escrow.  Is that okay?  Okay.  Yeah, go ahead.  Okay. Perfect.  So can you verify for me the last four of your social.  Six to six.  Thank you.  And then the property zip code.  Three to seven. Okay.  Thank you for that.  Let me get over here and see what's going on.  All right.  Okay.  So I do see it was listed as logger head.  And that was, um,  the policy looks like it is set to either renew or expire tomorrow.  But then I have one listed as people's trust that takes effect tomorrow.  Yeah.  That's the one I'm that's the one I'm counseling right now.  That people's trust.  Yeah.  That's the one I told them to stop because they are, that's a low.  I don't know when I was going through it.  He just was not covering anything.  I don't know why they submit it when I didn't call them to.  So I'm talking to another company.  Her name is Megan.  I don't remember the name of the company.  It's just one of the first customers that her name.  I don't know the name, not the name of the company.  I don't even know what the name is.  It's little little insurance or something like that.  Okay.  But they already should have send you some stuff because we've been  dealing with this since the 10th.  And, um, so I don't know what you guys have.  What is the process of it?  Okay.  Yeah, sure. No,  have insurance.com? I don't know. Okay so we need to find that out. Okay now as far  as the other policy getting paid not a big deal because once you've notified  them that you're canceling that policy they're gonna have to issue you a  refund and then I always recommend once you get that refund put it right back  into the escrow account. Okay currently the escrow account. Wait wait wait number  one I'm not going to request anything because I have not paid anything right.  Okay but if you're canceling the policy that we just submitted payment to today  for $1,887. Right but you submitted a payment. I didn't wait wait wait wait. You're  submitting a payment that I didn't ask you to submit it. No because the insurance company redirected it at our job. I didn't know the president  can request whatever they want and it is between you and them it does not it  doesn't have nothing to do with me. One thing is for me to be looking at quotes  and the other thing is for me to approving anything. Okay I didn't approve. All I did.  But did they notify you that they were increasing your premium? Because they  sent us the insurance company. They sent us the request to pay out the  policy probably a month ago. They typically send it out about a month. Are you talking about  are you talking about a lot longer ahead? No I'm talking about the people's trust.  That's who we just paid. People's trust is the one that if I'm  not mistaken that's the company that is under your website under your system.  Okay and this was about a week ago. Okay not even that. This was like four or five days ago.  I look into it. They call me. I look at the number. He showed me something. He sent  something to me. I start reviewing them to see exactly what it was. Okay I didn't  approve anything. He has sent me a good fate as everybody has so far.  At this point okay but nobody have requesting any payment from you guys. So  the fact that you guys work together with them or whatever is that you have  that doesn't have nothing to do with me. You know I'm asking for quotes. You offer  on your page the ability to click in there and ask for a quote and that's  what I did. I asked for a quote. I have not signed any documents. I haven't signed  anything. That's why when I went into my account to look at how much escrow I  have to compare it with whatever they're calling me on this company that I'm  working with I see that it says negative 232. So I called the number from  Valun but it transferred me directly to this guy that I was talking to. I didn't  know he was the insurance company but I'm calling Valun number. So anyway so I say  why you guys took why did you guys request for money that I have not  approved. I didn't ask you for it. Oh we were doing whatever is that they say but  no problem because the money have not gone through yet or whatever. Do you  want me to make a stop payment and I say well I haven't even asked you to even  do anything. All I asked was a quote. Anybody can ask for a quote you know  but I'm not approving anything. And you are absolutely correct in that you can  ask for a quote but they wouldn't have sent a request for payment if there  wasn't something agreed upon technically and we wouldn't have sent payment out.  They've been calling me for the last four days. Let's do this. I'm gonna place you on a  brief hold and I'm gonna do some digging to the account. So bear with me a few  moments. All right Francisco are you still there?  One second one second one second yeah go ahead. Okay so after  speaking within yep so after speaking with an agent over at our insurance  services team I got a little bit better understanding of what's going on. So yes  people's choice is considered a lender's choice type of insurance. Why they sent a  request for payment with the policy I don't know okay. But I was insured that  this agent could tell that the prior agent did put a code on the account  payment to stop that payment and it's gonna freeze that payment from going  anywhere okay. And the reason for that is okay is because you had indicated to  him that you didn't want that policy paid out because you were still shopping  around for insurance okay. So what I am highly suggesting to you is once you  figure out what carrier you're gonna go with you're definitely gonna have to  have your agent or that company reach out to us so that we can get this updated  because the current policy that your coverage is with with loggerhead it  expires tomorrow. Yeah but she's actually on my other line and she's  listening to what you're saying and she said she already submitted all the papers  to you guys. Yeah it can take a few days but I can send them to you can give me a  website where I could upload the document I can do that right now. I can  because it's general information email is going to be Valen V like Victor A L O N  like Nancy at I have insurance.com or you can upload at I have insurance.com  forward slash Valen. I'm going to get the email ready to go. Okay so you guys in  there right now right and you guys can take it. Okay I'm even though I'm not  going to disclose any information to her Francisco about the account but I need  to know the carrier name and if possible a policy number and a premium amount so  I can reach back out to my insurance services team and have them update your  account on their end so that they know when that comes in they're going to go  ahead and process that. Okay can you provide that Megan please?  Okay so the phone did cut out a little bit for tomorrow. Okay the phone did cut out a little bit. Could you  provide me with the beginning of the policy number up until the 9-1? I've got  everything after that. Yeah it doesn't say I'm being like boy. Okay so Sam Brady  9-1-0-0-5-3-7-7 and it's going to be 12-13-25 to 12-13 of 26. What's the  carrier name? That's correct it's a benchmark specialty insurance company.  benchmark specialty insurance company. Yep I got it. Okay all right and then I'll go  ahead and get this information. Oh yeah that would be good. What's the premium  amount? Okay 2,900 is $65.10. 2,965.10.  That's correct. All right thank you for that. All right. No problem. Okay Megan. Do you need Megan  for anything else? I do not know. Okay Megan thank you so much. I call you if I  need you okay? Thank you. Bye bye. All right so you have everything you need at  this point right? Correct I am going to place you on a brief hold and I am going  to reach back out to insurance services. So what's going to happen is we're  going to have them cancel that payment going out to people's trust okay? Okay. So did those  funds be available? Yeah I wish I would have done it with you guys because it's supposed  to be easier for me but I don't know. When I started going over the insurance it  looks like I lost a lot of stuff you know and then when I was talking to  different people they say yeah but why are you renting the property and I go  no are you finished? So why are they giving you a DP1 and not an H03?  So I don't know nothing about insurance. I don't know if you know what I'm talking  about. I do. It's the way they had your property listed. They assumed that it  was a rental property and not a primary residence. Why? I've been there now for  I don't know. It's 2015. I couldn't tell you that. I honestly couldn't but let me  place you on a brief hold. I'm going to reach out to insurance services let them  know that that code seven on that other payment we need to adjust that to stop  payment cancel payment and then I'm going to provide them with the  information she gave me so that they can notate that when that comes in that  payment needs to go out okay? So you got to bear with me a few minutes  longer okay? Alrighty. Alright thanks Francisco. One moment.  Francisco are you still there? Yes I'm here. Oh okay so hey Francisco a little bit  of a snag in our mission today. Unfortunately the agent that I have on  the line cannot take the information that Meghan gave me so unfortunately he  is gonna have to reach out to her with you on the line so that he can obtain the  same information from her that she just provided me but I'm gonna go ahead and  notice on the account on my end and send it to our internal insurance for  you. Okay okay so that she have the information that you have the number or  that he have the number? I don't have that for Meghan. No you'll have to give  him Meghan's contact number so he can call her. Okay. Okay. I do apologize. I'll go ahead and leave you with the  insurance services agent. Okay. Alrighty thank you. What was your name again?  My name is Sharla. Sharla okay Sharla thank you so much. You're welcome. Bye bye.