Thank you for calling Allen mortgage. This is James agent ID number ten thirty on a recording line. Who do I have the pleasure of speaking with today? Yes. Hi, my name is Juan. Thank you for that.  I do see that you're fully authenticated through the system. How can I help you out today? Yes, I'm calling just to ask about the PMI removal. I don't know if we qualify yet or I don't know what I need to do.  Yeah, I can definitely take a look. Okay. I just wanted to confirm some quick contact information. The nine, four, one.  Yeah, nine, four, one sorry, nine, one, four, one chocolate street in ozone Park, New York. Is that still the correct mailing address? Yes. Yes, it is.  Alrighty, and then the email address I have your first and last name twenty nine at gmail dot com. Is that correct? Correct. Yep. Alrighty. Perfect.  So, let me take a look here because oftentimes it does have an automatic termination date, but let me see if there's anything that we would need in order to get to remove the account.  Bear with me one moment. Yes.  Okay, so it looks fine.  Okay, so it looks like the automatic termination date is October first two thousand thirty five. But if you're wanting to see if it could remove before then, then I do have an email address that you would be able to submit the request directly to our mortgage insurance team.  And then they'll be able to let, you know, if you qualify to have it removed here sooner.  What is what is the conditions? Like, when I have to, like, because the letter that you guys send me, it says that we've been paying the mortgage for a year and without missing any payment was that like the one condition?  Yeah, that is. Yeah. So one of the conditions is we want to make sure that you have a clean payment history.  And then we also take a look to at your loan to value ratio. We're looking for it to be at eighty percent or below and that'll definitely help get it. That'll help with getting it removed off of the account as well.  Okay, I can try. I mean, you know, it doesn't hurt.  Yeah, and it's absolutely and if there's anything else that they need, or that would help, they'll definitely be able to explain that in detail for you to help get it removed off of the account.  Okay, great. Okay, so the email address that you'll send the email directly to our insurance team is gonna be mortgage.  Okay, mortgage and then the minus sign.  Okay, insurance.  Okay, insurance.  I'm sorry.  The minus sign insurance. Okay.  At valen.com.  Okay.  And then I'll repeat it.  And just to make sure you have a corrected mortgage, the minus sign insurance at valen.com.  And then you would just essentially include your loan number and the subject line of the email, and then you would be able to ask, hey, I'm looking to get more information about removing my private mortgage insurance.  Can you please assess and then we'll get back in touch with you. I would say within three to five business days, maybe sooner, just depending on our caseload. And then we'll kind of give you a little bit more information about that.  Okay. All right. Thank you so much.  Oh, you're welcome. Did you have any other concerns or questions?  I actually have another.  So when I got the loan through the bank.  I don't remember the name of the bank, say that or something.  The guy that helped me told me that I can refinance after a certain time.  You know, are we like, can we qualify for that yet or not yet? Since the interest rate is higher than.  Yeah, so for that part, I'm not 100% sure. So what I would have to do, if you wanted to, is I can transfer you directly to our lending department and then they would be able to give you more information about interest rates or to see if you qualify for refinance.  I'm going to call back later. Let me take one thing at a time.  Okay.  Yeah, I'll call back. Thank you so much for your help.  Oh, you're welcome. There is a survey at the end of the call. I hope you enjoy the rest of your day. Okay.  You too. Bye-bye.  Bye.