Hi, Tanisha, this is Joshua, Agent ID 1432, calling with a valid mortgage on a recorded  line.  How are you doing today?  I'm doing okay.  Thank you.  And if you can verify only the zip code and the property address, please.  21239.  Thank you so much.  Just want to give you a quick overview of the account before moving forward.  I do show you active in a forbearance plan, which is actually the reason for my call today.  Account is contractually 58 days past two, I showed the hardship was due to the unemployment  initially.  Is that still the case?  Yes.  Okay.  All right.  And like I said, I was calling to follow up with you on that, on the unemployment and  the forbearance, because it looks like the forbearance is coming to an end towards  the end of January.  So I wanted to see what your plan is.  I have a call back request scheduled from you from last week, and I'm following up  on that as well.  It looks like it was in regards to the forbearance plan.  Yes.  Okay.  Yes.  Someone had called me and I missed the call, so I called back.  So yeah, I know that it's over at the end of January, and it should be, I think I'm  paid up through October.  Through October, yes, ma'am.  November, December, and January, and then February will be due as of February 1st.  Is that my understanding correct?  Correct.  Yes.  Yes, ma'am.  Then now, do you need an extension of that forbearance?  Are you still going through a hardship, or do you think you'll be ready to resume payments  on February?  As of now, I'm still going through the hardship.  I'm working a temp job, which is maintaining my household bills, but it doesn't have  enough to cover in full my mortgage right now.  But I am planning to pay at least two months up in January.  I'm going to go ahead then, Tanisha, and I will send you an application, because regardless  if we're doing an extension of the forbearance or if you want to apply for long-term options,  you will need to fill out that application that I sent you.  I'm sending it over to your email, so you should be getting it within the next few  minutes if you haven't already.  Fill out the application when you have some time, maybe this weekend or during this  week.  Please fill out that application, and it should give you an option there to put your  hardship status as well, so just put what's going on, basically, and then we'll review  based on that, because if the hardships are ongoing, most likely we'll review for an  extension.  When the forbearance goes over six months, we have to do it this way instead of over  the phone verbally, but for the extension after the six months, we do need the application  to be able to have it on file and make it like a formal forbearance.  I see.  Yep, I have it.  Alrighty.  So just fill that out when you have some time, send it in, it should take about  a week or so to hear back if anything else is needed.  If nothing is needed, you'll probably just get an email saying that it's been approved  for the extension, and if you don't apply for the extension and you apply for other  options for us to help you bring it current, you should be getting the response within  30 days at most.  Okay.  Alright.  Okay.  Any questions about this, about the process, anything for me to finish?  Yeah.  Okay, so with this application, I don't know what the other options are short of, I don't  want to give up my home.  It will depend, it will honestly depend on your situation.  So if the hardship is not resolved, which you're, that will be you are not ready to  resume payments yet, we're going to review for an extension of the forbearance, that's  the only thing that we can give you.  Now the long term options will come when you're ready to resume payments, because we don't  want to give you an option for you to resume payments, and then you default again, and  then you're no longer going to have that option, because we can only do it every  12 months.  I see.  So yeah, so if the hardship is resolved, we'll give you either a deferral of the  payment, where we take the payments and move them to the end of the loan and just  bring it current, or a modification, which it's similar to the deferral, but it changes  the terms of the loan, because instead of putting it at the end, it's just  role set into the same loan, so it'll make your loan longer.  So it's different options you can qualify for, for when the hardship is resolved and  you're ready to resume payments, but if we give you those now, and then you default  again, you're no longer going to have those, and then it's basically going to set  you off of default.  I gotcha.  Okay.  That answers my question.  That was my question.  All right.  No problem.  Okay.  Anything else you can think of?  No, I'm going to take a look at the application, I do have it.  Okay.  All right.  Sounds good.  It's going to take a while, so I'm going to...  No problem.  Thank you so much for taking my call, Dan.  You have a good rest of your day.  Happy New Year.  Okay.  Thank you.  You too.  Thank you.  Bye-bye.