Thank you for calling valid mortgage. My name is Jacob agent ID one two three zero. What are the pleasure speaking with today?  I'm sorry. What was your name Jacob?  Yes  Hi, Jacob. My name is Albert to HSU  Okay, do you have a loan number so I can pull up that account?  No, I I've been told that  Mortgage got transferred to you  I know this is not your fault  But they never gave me a loan number and so I'm trying to figure out how to make payments when I drive a loan  Incredibly irritating do you have the old loan numbers I can pull it up a cat my my end with that  They just set up a loan. So I'm not sure what that number is. Is there any other way to look it up?  Or you can't do anything  What's the property address  Now hold on  It's one six zero five Labrador Drive in Columbia, Missouri  Can you spell the name of the street Labrador like the dog L a b r a b o r drive  Okay  Okay, and then I do just have to let you know that the call may be monitored and are recorded for quality and dubbed a great  No  Please take a complaint that that I was told that my hook that my mortgage was sold to a new new  To Valen and then I never got a mortgage number. So that's the number one thing I need from you guys  And can you verify the last four digits of your social?  Two three zero seven and can you verify the date of birth?  I'm ten twenty six seventy four  Just make sure we have the most up-to-date contact information for you regarding the transfer so  Phone number I have listed here is five one three five eight four one  Zero zero zero is what I have no file  Nope  What's the better contact number for you seven five seven three five four two three seven seven  All right  And then email address I do show is scoober  H s u at gmail.com. That's correct. I  Have another call in five minutes too, so I can't I can't wait to  Yeah, I'm sorry. I'm just I just has the questions. I have to answer and then mailing address. I understand I just  Go ahead  Yeah, the mailing address I do show is three nine. I'm sorry seven nine three five ashy view drive, Cincinnati, Ohio  Five I'm sorry four five two two seven  That is correct  You  Here and yes, I do show that the loan did transferred on December 1st to us and I do have that new loan number  No, I'm great. What does when you're ready?  Yep  Yep, so that's going to be one one zero one one zero six nine four one  I'm going to read that back to you. I've got one one  zero one one zero six nine four one  That is correct  okay, please confirm the  Mailing address so that I can get them to send your check correctly  Mailing address for the for the senator. Yes. Yes, please  Yep, so it's going to be valid mortgage ink  Yeah, and it's going to be p.o. Box  six six  zero zero four three  Okay, they never gave me that they gave me a Gemini Drive in Beaverton. Yeah, that is a general mailing address  So Chevy sent to that or the p.o. Box you're going to give me the p.o. Box that I'm mentioning  Okay, I have not that nowhere. Okay. What's the p.o. Box?  So valid mortgage ink and then p.o. Box six six zero zero four three  Dallas, Texas  seven five two six six  All right, well this is extremely poor and I know it's not your fault so you said p.o. Box here  So you said p.o. Box six six zero zero four three in  Dallas, Texas and you said seven five two six six. Is that right? That is correct  Okay, so  That's nowhere in any of the materials that I received  They gave me a business mailing address of nine four five zero southwest Gemini Drive in Beaverton, Oregon of nine seven zero zero eight  But do not send it to there, right? Yeah, don't send it to there. That's just a just sending like  Correspondence or anything like that. That's not a payment address  But actually they told me that that's a payment address in the message I got  Yeah, that's not the payment. I am so incredibly irritated. That is really erroneous  Wow, okay. Well, I will send a complaint letter. I'm saying that  To the people who sent me this email. Thank you for your time. You've been wonderful  But again, this is this is very very poor business practice from the people who I get the notice of mortgage  servicing  Thank you for your time. You're very welcome. You have a great rest of your day  You too. Bye