Okay. This is Joshua, agent ID 1432, calling with mortgage when I record that line. Are you doing today? I'm doing okay. I'm doing okay. And if you can verify only the zip code on the property address, please. Two, one, two, three, nine. Thank you so much. But we'll meet one moment. All right, I just want to give you a quick overview of the account before moving forward. I do show you're active on a forbearance plan, which is actually the reason for my call today. Accountants contract over 58 days past two. I showed the hardship was due to the unemployment initially. Is that still the case? Oh, yeah. Okay. All right. And like I say, I was calling to follow up with that on you with you on that on the unemployment and the forbearance because it looks like the forbearance is coming to an end towards the end of January. So I wanted to see what your plan is. I have a callback request scheduled from you from last week. I'm following up on that and that is what it looks like it was on regards to the forbearance plan. Yeah, someone had called me and I missed the call, so I called back. So yeah, I know that it's over at the end of January. And it should be, I think I'm paid up through November, through October, yes, ma'am. November, December, and January. And then February will be due as a February 1st. Is that understanding understanding correct? Correct. Yes. Yes. Yes ma'am. Then now do you need an extension of deaf parents? Are you still going through hardship or do you think you'll be ready to resume payments on February? As of now, I'm still going through the hardship. I'm looking a temp job, which is maintaining, you know, household bills, but it doesn't have enough to cover in full my mortgage like now. But I am, excuse me, I am planning to pay at least two months up in January. I'm going to go ahead then to Indonesia and I will send you an application because regardless if we're doing an extension of the forbearance or if you want to apply for long-term options you will need to fill out that application that I send you. I'm sending it over to your email so you should be getting them within the next few minutes if you haven't already. Fill out the application when you have some time, maybe this weekend or during this week, please fill out that application and should give you an option there to put you hardship status as well, you know, so it just put what's going on basically and then we'll review based on that because it hardships are ongoing. Most likely we'll review for an extension, but usually when the full balance goes over six months, we have to do it this way instead of over the fund like verbally. For the extension, after the six months, we do need the application to be able to have it on file and make it like a formal full balance. I see. Yep. I have it. All right. So just fill that out when you have some time, send it in. Should take about a week or so to hear back if anything else is needed. If nothing is needed, you'll probably just get an email saying that is that has been approved for the extension. And if you if you don't apply for the extension and you apply for other options for us to help you bring a current, you should be getting the response within 30 days at most. Okay. Okay. Any questions about these, about the process I don't know what the other options are short of, I don't want to give up my home. It will depend, it will honestly depend on your situation. So if the hardship is not resolved, which you're, you are not ready to resume payments yet, we're going review you for an extension of the forbearance. That's the only thing that we can give you. Now, the loan, loan term options will come when you're ready to resume payments because we don't want to give you an you're ready to resume payments because we don't want to give you an option for you're to resume payments because we don't want to give it every 12 months. So, yeah. So if the hardship is resolved, we'll give you either a deferral, the payment, where we take the payment is that moves them to the end of the loan and just bring your current, or a modification, which it's similar to the deferral, but it changes the deferral, but it changes the terms of the loan, because instead of putting it in at the end, it just rolls it into the same loan, so it'll make it long longer. So it's different options, you can, you're longer. So it's a different option. You can qualify for when the hardship is resolved and you're ready to resume payments. But if we give you those now and then you default again, you're not longer going to have those and then it's basically going to set your off of default. I got you. Okay. That answers my question. That was my question. No. Anything else you can think of or? No. I'm going gonna take a look at the application. I do have it. Okay. All right. Sounds good. Thank you so much for taking my call then. You have a good rest of your day. Happy New Year. Okay, thank you. You too. Thank you. Bye.