Thank you for calling for calling for mortgage. My name is Alexia. My agent ID is 1424. I do want to let you know that you're being recorded and monitored for training quality purposes. My happy first and last name. Well, first name is A N. Last name is Win and G-U-Y-E-N. Allow me one moment to open up your account. Hello. Yes, ma'am. I'm sorry. I was pulling up your account. So you came through fully authenticated. How may I assist you? So last time, we made a payment clearly on the little payment ticket to be added to additional principal. So when we got the next bill payment, the upcoming one, it says that interest was taken out of it. Why was it not added to principal like we added onto the line? It should have been. Right. So I see the payment. I see 10092 did go to interest and 155.77 went towards principle, but you just wanted the whole 15 into additional principle? Yes, we, there's only the line for additional principle, and we just put 15K for additional principle, not for entrance or any other payment. We had a separate check for that monthly payment, and then a separate, but just for the principle. All right. Allow me just one moment to get this reallocated correctly. I'm going to place you on a hold and I'll take care of this for you. Okay. All right. Thank you. All right. I did get the reallocation ticket submitted. Allow two to three business days to see it reflect on your account. Is there anything else I can assist you with today? So it will show on the next bill or will it show on the next will just show digitally onto the account? I should show on your next bill as well. You would see the your principal balance down more. Yes ma'am. So what that happened every time I add anything to principal I'd have to call you guys regarding that? Typically no. But if you make your payments online you can specifically choose where you want the money going to. Like if you pay on your online website, but when you send a check, sometimes it does, you know, go to the incorrect places. Or if you call in, you can always make a payment directly with us, and we could make sure it goes into the correct place. Oh, okay. Well, thank you for that. Thank you. No problem. Is there anything else I can do for you? I believe that is it. All right. I hope you have a great rest of your day and there would be a brave survey at the end of the fall. All right. Thank you.