My name is Laura, my agent ID is 1321. May I have the first and the last time on the account? Yes, good morning, Laura. Happy holidays. My name is Vernon, V-E-R-N- to make your head explode. Oh, like. McDonald's, MC, D-O-N-A-L-D. Thank you. And I do see that he came fully right through the automated service. This call may be better to record it for training quality purposes. How can it help? Calling to find out, are we okay on escrow? The team. Can we check the escrow? Yes. So we will be making a new escrow analysis. Not until February of next year. What I am seeing on your escrow account that it is positive at this time. So you do have an available balance of $1,143.54. Okay, we should have an insurance, the property tax has just paid out recently, right? Yes. Uh-huh. So we should have an insurance payment of 11-9-09? 11, correct, but we'll have to escrow payments by that time. Okay, and the escrow payment is going to be, uh, esc insurance one seventy one twenty four. You got it. Okay. So my escrow balance right now, I forgot to write that down. Oh, I'm sorry. Let me say to you again. Let's say I went into your. It's 1143. yes sir okay and we're going to be paying out the insurance sometime in January right yes okay so right now we got December 171 and change I I'm just going to round that up to 172. Uh, five, seven, 11. So we'll have 13, 15, 54, roughly by the end of December. Yes, sir. And then the amount that's going out is 1109, I believe, right? Yes, exactly. 1109. Yes. All right. So we'll have a cushion in that account. Okay, good. All right. The C double check, bum, boom, boom, boom, okay. January will be the new insurance company. I'm waiting to find out what's going on with them. I think it's going to be around 1197 next year. I still got to find that information out. Okay, escrow is okay. While I have you or can we do a phone payment please? Of course. Let's see. And then I'm not too sure if you're okay with the insurance you have right now but we can help you find cheaper rates for insurance. Are you interested in doing that today? Not really. Okay. I don't want to get into, you know, my credit. I want it to go down. My credit score is in the mid-sevens. And the other thing that I didn't want to advise you is that we do have a PNC bank. Are you interested? Not interested, but would you like to make your payment with this bank account? It's either 6797 or 7878. Let me check. I have account ending and 7878, sir. Is that okay? Yeah. PMC 7878, 78, 78. Yes, please. Thank you. And you're not the right user to this bank account, sir. Yes, correct. As of today, December 8th, 2025, you are giving valid mortgageing permission to make a one-time electronic debit that is in the amount of $465 in 94 cents from the account ending and $78.78 for the date of December 8th, 2025, correct? Correct. Yes. Please know that due to bank processing, it may take two to four business days to process the payment. If you have any additional questions, I would like to cancel this payment. Please do not hesitate to contact our customer service team for assistance by chat or of Ellen.com or by phone at E55, 2.183690. We are available before 8 p.m. Easter Standard Time. Am I okay to proceed with this payment? Yeah, I'm not gonna cancel it, but yes, correct. Please continue. Thank you. And then I do see that you aren't registered on the website. Would you like me to help you register to make payments on your account? Not really. I basically make my phone payments to you guys and prior to you guys, I always made my phone payments to the people who have the mortgage. Thank you. Would you like a confirmation number for today's69. Yes, sir, correct. Okay, thank you. And once again, enjoy the upcoming holiday and happy new year. Take care now, Laura. Thank you so much for your time. Please hope for a brief survey. Thank you. Thank you for your time as well.