Hello. Can you hear me now? Hey, yeah, I can hear you. Okay, thank you for calling Valleine Morgan. Tanya, agent ID number 1126, is called, maybe you monitored or recorded for training and quality purposes. To get started, may have your first and last last name please. Yeah, it's Kenny Swanson. Thank you. One moment, please. And I do see you verified through the automated IBR system. Thank you very much for that. And if I can just confirm contact information as all up to date, is your mailing address still for 15 Northeast Birch Street? Is Sakawa, Washington 98027? Yep. That's that. Thank you. And email address we have is Kenny dot Swanson at gmail.com. Is that still a good email for you? Correct. Thank you. And for your phone number is 9477677 still a good number? Yep. All right. Thank you so much for the information and keeping us up to date, holding into the account here now. All right. and I do see a new transfer as of December 1st. Welcome to Valen. All right and how may help you today? Yeah I was just trying to see if I can like get into my account yet. I haven't received anything in the mail. I don't believe and I didn't know if like I already have a payment due and it's going to start to like double up on me. The December payment is due. Yes. And it can help you get online if you like. Have you tried to get into the account, say? Yeah, it's, I think I tried to do like register my loan. I have a loan number from Omaha, mutual of Omaha mortgage, and I tried doing that in my Social Security and it didn't work. Okay. I've been giving a new loan number. Yes, yes. Did you have a new loan number with Val, zero, five, six, nine. One, zero, five, six, nine. One, one, six, nine. One, one, six, nine. One, one, one, one, one, zero, five, six, nine. Yes. Okay. Go ahead and try to enter that with your social. You should be able to get in. All right, cool. Think that won't work? Okay, yeah, I think I got it. Cool. Great. All right. So on your online dashboard, you can make payments there. You just need to enter your bank account information. You'll find all your statements. Okay. Do you have any questions about what you're seeing there on the dashboard? No, I don't think so. Out of curiosity, is it possible to... Is it possible to change the payment date? It is not. I'm sorry. I think you have to. Yeah, it's going to be the first, but you do have a grace period each month, ends on the 16th, 8 p.m. Eastern time. Got it. Okay. Sounds good. Yep. I'm all logged in and that works. All right. And just want to mention that we do have a welcome letter headed out to you in the next couple of days. It'll also be loaded online, but there is important information in that packet. Please keep an eye out for it. You'll see on the cover page, action for says how to update my insurance. We will need you to reach out to insurance just to let them know of the change over to Valen. It's really important when it comes time for the renewal that they know where to send the invoice. We can make sure we get that paid in a timely manner for you. The renewal is not till September, so it's nothing that you have an urgent deadline for, but they won't make the change if we call them because we're kind of an unknown third party. They don't know. We have a new relationship yet so they won't make a change to your policy from you know yeah I've been through I've been through that oh okay so sorry about that yeah just the only thing we ask of you and then taxes we'll take care of setting everything up ourselves okay all right thank you very much Kenny welcome to Ellen once again there's a brief at the end of the call take care have a good rest of your day appreciate it thank