thing for calling ballot mortgage. My name is Jacob. Agent ID is 1320. Who do I have the pleasure of speaking with today? Hi, Jacob. This is Adria Magnes. Hello. How are we doing today? Okay. I'm calling. I have a couple things I'm a little confused about. I'm sure you can help me. Gotcha. Yeah. let me actually do that real fast. No, no, they actually populated when you called in. So I do appreciate that. And it did show that you came in fully authenticated. So I'll be all good to go. Thank you, though. All right. And I'm now to the count. What kind of questions do we have for today? There are really two of them. One is there is a late charge of 5146. Apparently, my, I've never paid anything late before. Apparently my monthly amount changed and I had this on auto pay. And so I just assumed that the correct amount was going to be taken out. And when I was notified that it hadn't been, I paid the difference. But you still charged me a late fee, which I would like you to eliminate. Will do. I can definitely do that right now. You're the best. And perfect. I was able to have that leave you off the account so there's no us sending fee balance anymore. Great. Now my next question is I got a updated escrow analysis and payment updates and you know I'm going to try just to auto pay again and I don't want to get myself in trouble and I honestly can't tell what I am paying for December January and February. Gotcha yeah this one this esteranosis I can tell it's a little confusing so I can definitely break this down for you okay yeah so let me see, escrow analysis, performed, perfect. Okay, so right now your payment amount is reflecting as a $1,689.90, the reason why it's reflecting that is because that will be the payment for January. The reason why the January payment is less than the other ones is because we did determine there was a surplus of $38.63, which we do have to refund back to you. Let me see that's been issued out yet. Not yet. Let me take a look into this real quick. Yes. Aren't you just going to take it off whatever my monthly payment is after that? I mean, it looks to me, but yeah, that is accurate. So, yes, so the January payment, since there's a surplus of the 3863, we're actually just removing that from the January's payment. And then starting February the 172853, that will be your new payment from February 2026 to February 2027. Okay, I was confused because it said that your new monthly mortgage payment starting January 1st, and I saw two numbers and I wanted to make sure I had it correct. So, okay. All right. You answered my question. Yes. Are you going to be able to be some sort of confirming email that you've eliminated that $51 fee? Let me see if I can type something up for you right now. I mean, I know I just got one from you saying I owed it to you. So somewhere in there, just send a confirmation. That would be great. Yeah, of course. Let me see. Yes, I can definitely type something just saying I was able to leave the late fee. And then I'll send that to the email that we have on file, which is a AMAG mom at iCloud.com. Is that correct? That is correct. Yes. Perfect. So I have that sent out to you right now. You can expect it within about a minute after this call. Yes, I'm not in any rush. I just appreciate you doing this and you've been a great help. Of course. And before I let you go, were there any questions that I might have overlooked for today? I don't think so. Oh, I just got your email. Perfect. Yes. All right. All right. And then before I do let you go, I do see that you've been building equity inside your home, just like to know if you want to explore the option to access the cash, but things like home improvements. No, I do not. No worries. I'll let you go see have a wonderful day. There might be a brief survey at the ending of the call. That's fine. All right. Thank you so much. Of course. Bye-bye. Did I say on the line for it or? Yes, it should populate after this call. If you don't get a survey, that'll be okay. I know sometimes the system is low like 50-50 with them. So if you get one, I really do appreciate it if you can fill it out. If not, that'll be okay. You enjoy your day. Okay. Thank you.