Internet Klaar? Yes. Hi, this is St. Arnold with ballot mortgage again, Asian ID 1400, on a recording line. Can you verify your property address, zip code for? 02864. Okay, thank you for that. I apologize, I had to call you right back, but I wanted to make sure I made you aware the requirement is going to be for two payments because you'll, we have to have a process in month. You will, in two days, you'll be seven months past due. So we can't process it. We won't be able, they won't be able to process it. They're going to deny it out. So I don't want that to happen without you being aware that the requirement is going to be for two payments to be made in order for them to finalize or for them to process it. Are you able to? When do I have when do I have to make those payments? As soon as possible because once January 1st hits you're going to be due for seven payments and it's already been submitted over to the underwriting team as of today. And if they start their review, it's going to get denied out because it's going to be past the required time frame. So that could be rather early in their process review. So that could be as early as next, what's today, as early as next week, pretty much, because Fridays a second. So I would say, yeah, as early as next week, it could get tonight out. Are you a- That is not fair, because no, I can't. That's not fair, because I've been speaking to your company for over a month and they asked me all the questions. I said that I needed to put these payments at the end of the loan. They said, okay. I was under the impression that this was being processed. What I've been speaking to someone, they've been calling me every other week, every week, every week. and I asked for that and they tell me that it's in process so nobody's told me that I needed to make these payments I don't have two payments no I don't have a payment for next week so it's I don't think you're being fair to me at all. Okay, so we did reach out because the moderate, excuse me, the payment deferral was requested verbally and like I mentioned previously, we had to get some. Nobody's called me, nobody's called me, nobody's left me a message. No, we have called you. Okay, did you leave a message? I'm not sure if they left a message. They're not necessarily required to leave a message, but they did call you on the November 28. How am I going to know that you're calling me if you're not leaving me a message? You're not making any sense. The same way you would, you saw us calling now and you answered. You see the number. It's the same number every time. So we caught on November 28. Do you know how many people call me every day? And when I, I did, and every time I, I saw two missed calls, I saw two missed calls and I did call back and I get the collections department and they verified the information. They tell me that it's in process. I did call twice. So yes, I did speak to someone actually last week and they said that it was in process. They never told me that they need a verification or additional information. No, I was never being told that. So I'm not sure whether it's coming. I'm sorry that you weren't told that then, but you know, as as I was going through and submitting it over and going through the underwriting and just as I was finalizing everything after we got out the call I realized that it's going to get denied out so if you don't have the two payments then I think the best option would be for you to do an application and possibly see if you can qualify for a modification which won't require. No, I don't want to do a modification. No, I don't want to do a modification because I am in the program to defer six months. That's because I had a hardship. But I am back now, but you're asking for two payments. That's $2, $4,900 times two. So that's over $5,000. Nobody has that kind of money. I mean, nobody I know. I just came out of a hardship. I'm just are you able to, I'm just, I completely understand that, Ms. Insan, I'm just, I just know that what the requirements are in spite of. Well, they were supposed to be submitted a long about a month ago. So if this is submitted a month ago, I would have I would have not been in this in this situation. You're submitting this one day before before my my modification is up. I mean, I don't know how many cases you have, but when you got to my case, I mean, you got to my case on the last day of the year, that's not fair to me. Are you able to make one payment and I can try and get them to escalate it? I'm not able to make one payment, no, because I have 15 days to make the payment, so I was going to try and make the payment next week. Okay. Well, I will put that in the communication in the request to them and we will see what the underwriting team says and I will advise them that it should have been submitted previously and see if they're able to do anything. I can't make any guarantees that that is going to suffice but... I mean for yourself in my shoes it is not fair. Can you please explain to them that I was just notified today that I have to make the payments? I mean, I don't think that I will. I will absolutely indicate that, but understand that we have been trying to call you as well. I do not have any messages, and every time I had a missed call, which was twice, I called that called back and I was not and I did not speak to anybody okay I and it was just that and actually they went over my account they asked me for my information and they told me that it's in process and if you can see the notes I'm sure that you're going to verify that yes never told me that. Never told me that they needed to verify information for me to be actually submitted in an application. I was under the impression because they've told me many times that the application is in process and it takes 30 days. Okay, well I will submit that over. I see that I'm just letting you know the information that I have in front of me and we'll see what the outcome is. Okay. Yes ma'am. All right, thank you again for taking my call. You're welcome. Okay. Bye.