Thank you for calling for calling out on mortgage. This is James, age and ID number 1030 on a recording line. Who do I have the pleasure? Yes, hi. My name is Juana Suevenza Castro. Thank you for that. I do see that you're fully authenticated through the IDR system. How can I help you out today? Yes, I'm calling just to ask about the PMI removal. I don't know if we qualify yet or I don't know what I need to do. Yeah, I can definitely take a look. Okay. I just wanted to confirm some quick contact information. The 941, yeah, 941, sorry, 941, sorry, 941, chocolate sheet in ozone park, New York, is that still the correct mailing address? Yes, yes, it is. All right, and in the email address, I have your first and last name, 29 at gmail.com, is that correct? Correct, yeah. All right, perfect. So let me take a look here, because oftentimes it does have an automatic termination date, but let me see if there's anything that we would need in order to get to remove off the account. Bear with me one like. Okay, so it looks like the automatic termination date is October 1st, 2035. But if you're wanting to see if it could remove before then, then I do have an email address that you would be able to submit the request directly to our mortgage insurance team, and then they'll be able to let you know if you qualify to have it removed here sooner. What is the condition? Like, why not? If you have, I have to, like, because the letter that you guys send me, it says that we've been paying the mortgage for a year and without missing any payments, was that like the one condition? Is there any other? Yeah, that is, yeah, so one of the conditions is we want to make sure that you have a clean payment history. And then we also take a look to at your loan to value ratio. We're looking for it to be at 80% or below. And that'll definitely help get it removed off of the account as well. Okay, I can try. I mean, you know, it doesn't hurt. Yeah. And it's absolutely. And if there is anything else that they need or that would help, they'll definitely be able to explain that in detail for you to help get it removed off of the account. Okay. Great. Okay. So the email address that you'll send the email directly to our insurance team is going to be mortgage is the first. I don't know. Okay. The minus sign insurance okay at valin.com okay and then I'll repeat it on just to make sure you have it correct its mortgage the minus sign insurance at valin.com and then you would just essentially include your loan number in the subject and then you would just essentially include your loan number and then you would essentially include your loan number in the subject line of the email and then you would be able to ask, hey, I'm looking to get more information about removing my private mortgage insurance. Can you please assess? And then we'll get back in touch with you. I would say within three to five business days, maybe sooner just depending on our caseload. And then we'll kind of give you a little bit more information about that. Okay. All right. Thank you so much. Oh, you're welcome. Did you have any other concerns or questions? I actually have another, I don't know. So when I got the long through the bank, I don't remember the name of the bank, Feather or something. The guy that helped me, told me that I can refinance after a certain time. Well, you know, are we like, can we qualify for that yet or not yet? Since the interest rate is higher than. Yeah, so for that part, I'm not 100% sure. So what I would have to do if you wanted to is I can try and sue you directly to our lending department and then they would be able to give you more information about interest rates or to see if you qualify for refinance. I'm going to call back later Let me take one thing at a time. I'm gonna. Okay. Yeah, I'll call back. Thank you so much for your help. Oh, you're welcome. There is a survey at the end of the call. I hope you enjoy the rest of your day, okay? You too. Bye. Bye.