and market. This is Yomileh 1890. 1262. How are you speaking with? This is the main the brown. Hi, how are you doing today? I'm doing good. Good to hear. Let me open up your call. I just see that you came and verified to the IVR system. Thank you for that. It's called Modern and recorded for training and quality purposes. One second. And I also see that your loan is assigned to an agent in order to provide you with the most accurate information I need to transfer you over before I do so. We go ahead and open this up and I do see here that we received an incomplete mortgage assistance application for the 65th, 65D residue? Yes. Okay, and can I have the reason for your delinquency before we get started? Well, it was because of the medical expenses and bills, but yeah, I was calling because I, when the forbearance and I I just wanted to see what I could do other than extending it. You want to extend it, correct? Well, the agent before said that we could do like a lower payment. Oh, okay. Okay. So where do you stand there right now when you're dealing with your hardship? We've got my spot declared up. Are you working now? Yeah. Awesome. And you live in your home, correct? Yes. Let me go ahead and see your forbearance is coming to an end and complete missing items unable to verify your income. Please provide current pay step. Hold on this change for Chris Brown. That's what's missing. Okay. Well, if I want to select the parents and insert my payments again, then I wouldn't have to complete that right. That was a good question. I'm not sure. I'm not in that department. I'm going to have the transfer you over. Let me see if I have an agent available. bear with me Amanda Amanda Brown. Okay, so I'm going to have to go ahead and put us call back so they can give you a call and stay available. Okay. So bear with me Amanda., Amanda, Amanda, around. Okay, four, 39, three, oh, four, nine, four, nine, four, six, eight, eight, eight, two, I am in eight, eight, eight, eight, an hour for them to call you back. Okay. Okay. So hopefully they are done by then. It's going to be coming from my 85-5 phone number. Okay. Okay. You're all set. Anything else you can do to do to? Just do? Yeah. Awesome. Well, you have a great rest of your day at the end of my call to be your pre-serving. Bye.