Thank you for calling about a mortgage. My name is Jacob agent ID one two three zero. Who are the pleasure speaking with today? I'm sorry. What was your name? Jacob? Yes. Hi, Jacob. My name is Albert's to HSU. Okay. Do you have a loan number so I can pull up that account? No. I've been told that the mortgage got transferred to you. I know this is not your fault, but they never gave me a loan number. And so I'm trying to figure out how to make payments when I drive a loan number. Do you have the old loan numbers? I can pull it up on my end with that. They just set up a loan. So I'm not sure what that number is. Is there any other way to look it up or you can't do anything? What's the property address? No, hold on. It's one, six, zero, five, Labrador Drive in Columbia, Missouri. Can you spell the name of the street? Labrador like the dog, L-A-B-R-A-D-O-R-R-D-I- Okay here and then I do just have to let you know that the call may be monitored and they're recorded for quality. That would be great. Now please take a complaint that I was told that my that my mortgage was sold to a new to Valen and I never got a mortgage number so that's the number one thing I need from you guys. And can you verify the last four digits of your social? 2-3-7. And can you verify the last four digits of your social? 2307. And can you verify the date of birth? I'm 102624. I do just have to just make sure we have the most up to date contact information for you regarding the transfer. So phone number I have listed here is 513-584-1-1-0 is what I have. Nope. Nope. Second, I'm just ahead and edit that. And what's the better contact number for you? 757, 34, 2377. All right. And then email address I do show is scuba H-S-U- at gmail.com. That's correct. Sorry about that. Just give me a second. I have another call. I'll just give me a second. I have another call in five minutes too. So I can't I can't wait. Yeah. I'm sorry. I'm just I just has the questions I have to answer and then mailing address. I show is 39, sorry, 7935 Ashley View Drive, Cincinnati, to us and I do have that new loan number. That'd be great. What does when you're ready? Yep. Yep. So that's going to be 1-1-1-1-0-6-941. I'm gonna read that back to you. I've got 1-1-1-1-0-6-941. That is correct. Okay, please confirm the mailing address so that I can get them to send you check correctly. Mailing address for the... Where to send a address. Yeah, yes, please. Yep, so it's going to be valid mortgage ink. Yeah, and it's going to be PO Box 660043. Okay, they never gave me that. They gave me a Gemini drive in Beaverton. Yeah, that is a general mailing address. So should I be sent to that or the PO box you're going to give me? The PO box that I'm mentioning. Okay, I have not that nowhere. Okay, what's the PO box? So, Valent Mortgage, and then PO box, 6600, or 3, Dallas, Texas, 75266. All right, well, this is extremely poor. And I know it's not your fault. So you said PO box here. So you said PO box 660043 in Dallas, Texas, and you said 75266, is that right? That is correct. Okay, so that's nowhere in any of the materials that I received. They gave me a business mailing address of 9450 Southwest Gemini Drive in Beaverton, Oregon of 970008, but do not send it to there, right? Yeah, don't send it to there. That's just sending like correspondence or anything like that. That's not a payment address. But actually, they told me that that's the payment address in the message I got. Yeah, that's not the payment. I am so incredibly irritated. That is really erroneous. Wow. Okay. Well, I will send a complaint letter saying that to the people who sent me this email, thank you for your time. You've been wonderful. But again, this is this is very, very poor business practice from the people who I get the notice of mortgage servicing. Thank you for your time. You're very welcome. You have a great video. Me too. Bye.