Hello, thank you so much for contacting Valley Mortgage. My name is Miriam, agent ID 1341. I do want to let you know that this call will be monitored or recorded for quality assurance purposes. Who do I have a pleasure of speaking with? Hi, Miriam, good morning. This is Samuel from the Insurance Service Center in a recorded line, calling in regards of loan number 645, 6 five, six, seven, zero, four, eight, zero. Thank you so much. What is the homeowner's name? Yeah. Mr. Hackam, your own. And, well, he has some questions regarding his escrow balance. It's okay if I transfer to call. Oh, that's fine. You can get them over. Thank you. Can you repeat your ID again? I'm sorry. 1341. 1341, guy, thank you so much. Thank you. Hello, Mr. Hakam. Yes. Thanks for holding. I got Miram here. Customer service representative. I'm living you in the best hands. They can have an Isaiah. Thank you. Hi, this is Miram with valid mortgage, agent ID 1341. I do want to let you know that this call be monitored or recorded for quality assurance purposes. Do you mind providing me with your personal last name, please? Yes, I hakam. Last name, Jerome. Thank you so much. Do you mind verifying the last four of your social? 9096. And your date of birth? 1126, 51. Perfect, thank you so much. Give me one second. And then I was able to pull up the account, but before I'm able to access it, it does look like you've built equity in your home. Would you be interested in speaking with somebody about that today? No, not today. No problem. And then I do understand that you have questions on your escrow balance, how may I assist today? Yeah, so I just want to get this up to date, so the payments back to where it was. Basically what happened there were two policies so they made they paid out twice. A long story short I got the refund check for one of the policies so there's only one active policy on file so I just need to apply that refund check back to the escrow accounts and see if there's anything else additional that's needed on top of that to bring the payment back to where it should be instead of going up next month. Got a no problem. What is the amount that you received or that it is showing, if I'm not mistaken, showing the shortage of $5,244.64. That's correct. Okay. So that's what needs to be reapplied back and then you you guys would reanalyze the yes, girls, how it works. Yes, so are you looking to make just a 48 95 38 or are you looking to make the shortage amount? No, well, I want to do the shortage that way. It doesn't increase the payment. Okay, so you're looking to do the 50 to 44 64? Yes, and I was wondering, am I able to schedule that payment to be drafted next week? You can, yeah. Once the payment is cleared, then that'll be adjusted. It does take about three or five business days for that to be adjusted. Is that okay with you? That's fine. Yeah, because I think they'll give us enough time. I just because I deposit a check, I just want to make sure it's officially available before drafting. So if we can schedule it maybe for the 8th of December to get drafted. Okay, and then I do want to let you know that when you pay the shortage amount, your payment does decrease by approximately four hundred thirty seven dollars and five cents. So your payment will approximately Let's see one second. It'll go from 291901 to approximately 2481.96. Okay. Yeah, I think that's that's where it was. Yeah. It was at 2354 50, so it'll still increase slightly, but it will like go back to that specific amount. I'm so sorry, you're cutting out. What was that? You're like really like cutting out a choppy. Can you hear me okay? Yeah, so it sounds like you're speaking. Can you hear me okay? Can you hear me okay? Can you hear me okay? Yes, can you hear me okay? Yes, can you hear me? Yeah, so it sounds like you're speaking, you're just like breaking up really bad. I can't make me? Yeah, so it sounds like you're speaking, you're just like breaking up really bad. I can't make out what you're saying. I'm sorry. You do sound the same. You do sound the same.