Hi, thank you for calling Vallemoregiz. My name is Charlotte, agent ID number 1152, who I have the pleasure of speaking with. Charlotte, this is Roman for the Sheriff's Service Department on a recorded line for quality and training purposes. What's happening? How are you? Charlotte, I'm doing well. How about yourself? Man, one of your agents made me mad today. Oh no, that wasn't me. I could tell you that. No, it wasn't you. It was one of the people on your side though. Oh, yeah, I'm not going to speak for everybody. As people myself. Yep, nope. I like you. Good dude. What's happening? What's going on? I have an upset customer. So here we go. It's not a name. It's not one of us. It's a customer now. Mr. Francisco Hernandez, loan number 929540. He wants to discuss his escrow account. Oh God. Did you advise him that I'm going to have to validate his identity when you transfer him? No, but I think it'll be fine. I mean, he's already upset. Roman, you're really trying to give me in trouble today. Okay. Yeah, I took the heat, you know, I took part of the heat, you could take the other part. Good. Good. Good. Good. Let me bring him over. I'll get it. I got it. All right, thanks, Charlotte. Hold on. Mr. Hernandez. Sir? Yeah, go ahead. Okay, I have Charlotte from a customer service department. She's going to be taking care of you regarding your escrow questions. Okay. Just a remind you we are on a record call. Charlotte, go ahead. Hi, this is Charlotte, agent A.D. number 1152, here at Vallemaurgage, on a recorded line. Who do I have the pleasure of speaking with? Francisco Hernandez. Francisco Hernandez? How are you doing today, Francisco? I just wanted to say thank you for a colonization service center. Mr. Francisco. By right, Charlotte. Sorry. Thank you. That's okay, Roman. Thank you. Okay, okay. I'm trying to figure it out. I'm trying to get insurance. I was going to do insurance with a company that shows on your system, but they were they were quoting me something different, something with a called DP1, which he basically, it takes a lot of the coverage if you want to put it like that from H.O.3. I don't know why they do that and why they didn't tell me anything about it. But anyway, so I called a couple of places around and I found one that is a lot more, but it covers me some. So anyway, I wanted to find out he wasn't able to tell me how much is my escrow. When I look at my account, I couldn't see it because it shows that they already have withdrawn the money or something like that, and I didn't, I didn't approve anything. And I'm trying to talk to these people, so they're supposed to be sending you the papers or the insurance or whatever is that you guys need, you know, to put it in the system. And with the remaining of the escrow, I guess you guys divided that into monthly payments or something like that, right? Yes and no. Escrow is a little tricky, okay? Let me go ahead and verify the account with you and your identity, and then I'll be more than happy to go ahead and take a look at what we have on file and what's notated on the account to be able to better assist and answer your questions and concerns regarding the escrow. Is that okay? Okay. Yeah, go ahead. Okay, perfect. So could you verify for me the last four of your social? Six to six. Thank you. And then the property zip code. Three two seven. Okay. Thank you for that. Let me get over here and see what's going on. All right. Okay, so I do see have one listed as people's trust that takes effect tomorrow yeah that's the one I'm that's the one I'm cancelling right now. The people's trust? Yeah that's the one I told them to stop because they are that's a low I don't know when I was going through it it was not covering anything. I don't know why they submitted when I didn't told them to. So I'm talking to another company, her name is Megan, I don't remember the name of the company, is Little Insurance or something like that, Little Star Insurance. But they already should have sent you some stuff because we've been dealing with this since the 10th. And so I don't know what you guys have or what is the process of it. Okay. Yeah, sure. Now did she advise you if she sent in that document with requests for payment for that policy? Did she send it to Valen at I have insurance.com? I don't know. Okay, so we need to find that out. Okay, now as far as the other policy getting paid, not a big deal, because once you've notified them that you're canceling that policy, they're going to have to issue you a refund. And then I always recommend once you get that refund, put it right back into the escrow account. Okay? Currently, the escrow account balances. Wait, wait hundred and eighty seven right but right but right but you submitted a payment I didn't wait wait wait you're submitting a payment I didn't wait wait wait, wait, wait, you're submitting a payment that I didn't ask you to submit it. No, because the insurance, I didn't, I didn't, no, I didn't, no, no, the president, correct, whatever they want, and it is between you and them, it doesn't, it doesn't have nothing to do with me. One thing is for me to be looking at quotes and the other thing is for me to approving anything. Okay, I didn't approve all I did. But did they notify you that they were increasing your premium? Because they sent us the insurance company. They sent us the request to pay out the policy probably a month ago. They typically send it out about a month. Are you talking about are you talking about a longer head? No, I'm talking about the people's trust. That's who we just paid. People trust. People trust is the one that if I'm not mistaken, that's the company that is under your website, under your system. Okay. And this was about a week ago. Okay. Not even that. This was like four or five days ago. I look into it. They call me. I look at the number. He showed me something. He sent something to me. I start reviewing them to see exactly what it was. Okay, I didn't approve anything. He has said me a good faith as everybody has so far at this point. Okay, but nobody has requesting any payment from you guys. So the fact that you guys work together with them or whatever is that you have, that doesn't have nothing to do with me. You know, I'm asking for quotes. You offer on your page the ability to click in there and ask for a quote. And that's what I did. I asked for a quote. I have not signed any documents. I haven't signed anything. That's why when I went into my into my account to look at how much escrow I have to compare it with whatever they're calling me on this company that I'm working with, I see that it says negative 232. So I call the number from Valoon, but it offered me directly to this guy that I was talking to. I didn't know he was the insurance company, but I'm calling a loan number. So anyway, so I say why you guys took, why did you guys request for money that I have not approved? I didn't ask you for it. Oh, we were doing whatever is that they say, but no problem because the money have not gone through yet or whatever and you do you want me to make a stop payment and I say well I haven't even asked you to even do anything all I asked was was was a quote anybody can ask for a quote you know but I'm not approving anything and you are absolutely correct in that you can ask for a quote you know but I'm not approving anything. And you are absolutely correct in that you can ask for a quote but they wouldn't have sent a request for payment if there wasn't something agreed upon technically and we wouldn't have sent payment out. They've been calling me they've been calling me for the last four days. Let's do this. I'm going to place you on a brief hold and I'm going to do some digging to the account. So bear with me a few moments. All right, Francisco, are you still there? One second, one second, one second, one second. Yeah, go ahead. Okay, so after speaking with an, yeah, so after speaking with an agent over at our insurance services team, I got a little bit better understanding of what's going on. So yes, people's choice is considered a lender's choice type of insurance. Why they sent a request for payment with the policy, I don't know. Okay? But I was insured that this agent could tell that the prior agent did put a code on the account payment to stop that payment. And it's going to freeze that payment from going anywhere. Okay? And the reason for that is, is because you had indicated to him that you didn't want that policy paid out because you were still shopping around for insurance. Okay? So, what I am highly suggesting to you is once you figure out what carrier you're going to go with, you're definitely going to have to have your agent or that company reach out to us so that we can get this updated because the current policy that your coverage is with log loggerhead? It expires tomorrow. Yeah, but she's actually on my other line and she's listening to what you're saying and she said she already submitted all the papers to you guys. Yeah, it can take a few days. But I can send them to you. You can give me a website where I could upload the documents, I can do that right now. For email, I can send the documents. Okay, can you give us that information, please? I can, because it's general information. Email is going to be Valen, V. Lake Victor, A-L-O-N, like Nancy, at I Have Insurance.com, or you can in there right now right and you guys to take it. Okay even though I I'm not going to disclose any information to her Francisco about the account but I need to know the carrier name and if possible a policy number and a premium amount so I can reach back out to my insurance services team and I need to know the carrier name and if possible a policy number and a premium amount so I can reach back out to my insurance services team and have them update your account on their end so that they know when that comes in they're going to go0-5377. Okay, so the phone did cut out a little bit. Okay, the phone did cut out a little bit. Okay, the phone did cut out a little bit. Could you provide me with the beginning of the policy number up until the 9-1. I've got everything after that. And it's going to be 121325 to 1213 of 26. What's the carrier name? That's correct. It's a benchmark specialty insurance company. Benchmark specialty insurance company. Benchmark Specialty insurance. Yep, I got it. Okay. All right, and then I'll go ahead and get this. Oh, yeah, that would be good. All right. Thank you for that. All you. Thank you. Bye. All right. So, but you have everything you need at this point, right? Correct. I am going to place you on a brief hold and I am going to reach back out to insurance services. So what's going to happen is we're going to have them cancel that payment going out to people's trust. Okay. Okay. So did those funds? Yeah, I wish I would have done it with you guys because it's supposed to be easier for me. But I don't know. The, the, the, the, when I said going over the insurance, it looks like I lost a lot of stuff. And then when I was talking to different people, they say, yeah, but why are you renting the property? And like, no, I didn't. So why are they giving you a DP1 and not an H03? So I don't know nothing about insurance. I don't know if you know what I'm talking about. I do. I do. It's the way they had your property listed. They assumed that it was a rental property and not a primary resident. Why? I've been there now for... I don't know. In 2015. I couldn't tell you that. I honestly couldn't. But let me place you on a brief hold. I'm going to reach out to insurance services. Let them know that code 7 on that other payment. We need to adjust that to stop payment, cancel payment, and then I'm going to provide them with the information she gave me so that they can notate that when that comes in that payment needs to go out okay so the information that Megan gave me. So, unfortunately, he is going to have to reach out to her with you on the line so that he can obtain the information that Megan gave me. So, unfortunately, he is going to have to reach out to her with you on the line so that he can obtain the same information from her that she just provided me. But I'm gonna go ahead and note on the account on my end and send it to our internal insurance for you. Okay. So that she has the information that you have the number or that he has the number? I don't have that for Megan. No, you'll have to give him Megan's contact number so he can call her. Okay. Okay. I'll go ahead and leave you with the insurance services agent. Okay. All right. Thank you. What's your name again? My name is Charlotte. Charlotte. Okay, Charlotte. Thank you so much. You're welcome. Okay.