My name is Laura. My agent ID is one three two one. May I have the first and the last thing on the account? Yes, good morning, Laura. Happy holidays. My name is Vernon B.E.R.N.O.N.R. Happy holidays, Mr. Vernon. How are you today? Good. How about yourself? I'm good. Not very many people say happy holiday. Good season. You know, we got three in a row. Thanksgiving, Christmas, then New Year's. It's enough to make your head explode. Oh, my God. McDonald's, M-C-D-O-N-A-L-D. Thank you. And I just see they came fully right through the automated service. This call may be better to record it for training quality purposes. How can I help? Calling to find out are we okay on escrow? Let me check the escrow. Yes. So we will be making a new escrow analysis not until February of next year. What I am seeing on your escrow account that is positive at this time. So you do have an available balance of $1,143.54. Okay. We should have an insurance. The property tax is just paid out recently, right? Yes. Uh huh. So we should have an insurance payment of 11909. 11, correct. So we'll have two escrow payments by that time. Okay. And the escrow payment is going to be escrow taxes and insurance, seventy one twenty four. You got it. Okay. So my escrow balance right now. I forgot to write that down. Oh, I'm sorry. Let me say to you again. Let's see. I went into your it's eleven forty three point fifty four sensor. eleven forty three4354. Yes, sir. Okay. And we're going to be paying out the insurance sometime in January, right? Yes. Okay. So right now we got December, 1.71 and change. I'm just going to round that up to 172 5 7 11. So we'll have 13 15 54 roughly by the end of December. Yes, sir. And then The amount that's going out is 11.09, I believe, right? Yes. Exactly. 11.09. Yeah. All right. So we'll have a cushion in that account. OK, good. All right. Let's see double check boom, boom, okay. January will be the new insurance company. I'm waiting to find out what's going on with them. I think it's going to be around 1197 next year. Still got to find that information out. Okay, escrow is okay. While I have you, Laura, can we do a phone payment, please? Of course, let's see. And then I'm not too sure if you're okay with the insurance you have right now, but we can help you find cheaper rates for insurance. Are you interested in doing that today? Not really. Okay. You don't want to get into, you know, my credit, but I don't want it to go down like credit scores in the mid sevens. And not the other thing that I did want to advise you is that we do have a PNC bank. Are you interested? Not interested, but would you like to make your payment with this bank account? It's either $67.97 or $78.78. Let me check. I have account ending and $78.78, sir. Is that okay? PNC $78.78. Yes, please. Thank you. Are you an authorized user to this bank account, sir. Yes, correct. As of today, December 8, 2025, you are giving valent mortgage information to make a one-time electronic debit that is in the amount of $465.94 from the account, 18 and 7, 8, 7, 8 for the date of December 8, 2025, correct? Correct. Yes. Please note that due to bank processing, it may take two to four business days to process the payment. If you have any additional questions, I would like to cancel this payment. Please do not hesitate to contact our customer service team for assistance by chat or at valent.com or by phone at E55-218-3690. We are available before 8 p.m. Easter Standard Time. Am I okay to proceed with this payment? Yeah, I'm not going to cancel it, but yes, correct. Please continue. Thank you. And then I do see that you aren't registered on the website. Would you like me to help you register to make payments on your account? Not really. I basically make my phone payments to you guys. And prior to you guys, I always made my phone payments to the people who have the mortgage. Thank you. Would you like a confirmation number for today's payment for a brief survey. I do thank you for your time as well.