Hello, can you hear me now? Hey, yeah, I can hear you. Okay, thank you for calling Valen Morgan. Tonya, agent ID number 1126 is called, maybe monitor short or recorded for training and quality purposes to get started. May I have your first and last name, please. Yeah, it's Kenny Swanson. Thank you. One moment, please. And I do see you verified through the automated IBR system. Thank you very much for that. And if I can just confirm contact information is all up to date. Is your mailing address still 415 North East Birch Street? Is that Washington 98027? Yep, that's that. Thank you. And email address we have is kennie dot Swanson at gmail.com. Is that good e-mail for you? Correct. Thank you. And for your phone number is 949-767-767-6777. Still a good number? Yeah. All right. Thank you so much for the information and keeping us up to date. Holding into the account here now. All righty. And I do see a new transfer as of December 1st. Welcome to Valen. All right. And how may I help you today? Yeah, I was just trying to see if I can like get into my account yet. I haven't received anything in the mail. I don't believe and I didn't know if like I already have a payment due and it's going to start to like double up on me. The December payment is due. Yes, and it can help you get online if you like. Have you tried to get into the account today? Yeah, I think I tried to do like the register, my loan. I have a loan number from Omaha, mutual loan mortgage, and I tried doing that in my Social Security, and it didn't work. I don't know if I've been giving a new loan number. Yes, yes. You do have a new loan number with Valin, and 1 1 0 1 1 0 1 1 0 5 5 6 9. Yes. Okay. I can go ahead and try to enter that with your social. You should be able to get in. All right. Cool. think that won't work. Okay. Yeah, I think I got it. Oh, cool. Great. All righty. So on your online dashboard, you can make payments there. You just need to enter your bank account information. You'll find all your statements. Okay. Do you have any questions about what you're seeing there on the dashboard? No, I don't think so. Out of curiosity, is it possible to change the payment date? It is not. I'm sorry. I, it's going to be the first, but you do have a grace pair each month. It's on the 16th, 8 p.m. Eastern time. Got it. Okay. I'm all logged in and that works. All right. And just want to mention that we do have a welcome letter headed out to you in the next couple of days. It'll also be loaded online. But there is important information in that packet. Please keep an eye out for it. You'll see on the cover page, section four says how to update my insurance. We will need you to reach out to insurance just to let them know of the change in order to balance. It's really important when it comes time for the renewal that they know where to send the invoice. We can make sure we get that paid in a timely manner for you. Your renewal is not until September. So it's nothing that you have an urgent deadline for, but they won't make the change if we call them because we're kind of an unknown third party. They don't know we have a new relationship yet. So they won't make a change to your policy from, you yeah I've been through I've been through that oh okay sorry about that yeah just the only thing we ask of you and then taxes will take care of setting everything up ourselves okay all right thank you very much so much Kenny welcome to Valen once again there's a brief read the end of the call take care have a good rest of your day appreciate thank you