Hello, thank you for calling Valen Mortgage. My name is Jacob, Agent ID's 1-2-0. Who got the pleasure of speaking with you today? Thank you. How are we doing today? I'm done, okay. I went to go and make a payment today because I always make my payments. I normally make it on the 30th, but it said that my payments was 31 in change. I'm not understanding why is it 3,000 in change? If every month I used to pay 18 in something. Yeah, let me take a look for you. 100 in escrow since we're not have to pay escrow that much and in one shot. Take a look into this for you. Bear with me for one moment. I'm going to review this escrow analysis to see what information is reflecting on this, And then I'll confirm if this information is correct with my system. And if not, we can definitely get this change for you. Bear with me for one moment, please. Insurance. All insurance. See taxes and property insurance. Still reviewing this information. Bear with me for one moment, please. Let me hear. All right, I see the issue here is on this escrow analysis that you received, it did state that at the ending of December, we would be paying out your flood insurance as a premium of $6,622, but that flood insurance disbursement never went out. So technically that's incorrect information. I'll let my escrow management team know that they need to run a new analysis with the correct activity history that took place. But ultimately I do want to let you know for the flood insurance information, we do have an expired policy. We do not have an active policy for your flood as of right now. How is that if I still have insurance effective of until the end of this month? So I do see we have your property insurance is just that labeled on the system is showing that the flood insurance is expired. Is your flood included within your homeowners? Yeah, everything should be in there, but I don't even live in the flood area. There's not one lick of water nowhere near me. But I'm not. Everything assuming you know everything should be included in that in that in the day when they when I got this the person that I dealt with Also deals with the mortgage. I dealt with people that work together and know what each other needs So they put down everything that I needed on this policy Like literally my my my my the my banker people that did everything and put the loan in the ridgily, that was my brother-in-law. The person that did my insurance, that was my cousin. So these are all people that literally work together so they all know what each other needs. All right, let me see here. I might have to contact my insurance department to see if they have any information about that. Flood policy, because right now I don't see anything on my end. It has $2,000 a year for flood insurance is insane, especially when I don't live in a flood area. That's why I even moved here because the flood risk was like almost nothing. Yeah, let me see if they have the information just because it's not reflecting on my end. I do my patient a brief order. I talk to them real quick. All right. Thank you. Hello Anthony, still with me? Yes. Thank you for holding a pause about the extreme long wait time. So I just got done speaking with the agent in the insurance department just to confirm the information. So I tried to ask if he had any information about flood policy. He just showed he just explained that he has the same information reflecting on my end as well. I asked then if he could confirm if the flood insurance information was included in the homeowners policy that he sent over to us. He wasn't able to access the information but he did let me know that if the information was added or if that information is included within that policy there would be a second or a separate declaration page for the flood insurance so we can have that added to the account. But before we get it on to that, he did let me know that on his system, that it's reflecting that you're not in a flood zone. So that's making me think that we don't need a flood insurance policy because I'm not a flood zone, it's not required. But it's still showing that it's required. So at this moment, what I will do is just so we can get all the information cleared up and everything. I was still submit request to my escrow management team stating that the escrow account activity that's labeled on the analysis is incorrect because it did state that there was a $6,000 insurance premium going out in the end of October, which never happened, which is causing this payment to increase this much. But ultimately, I do have to get this information fixed of the property insurance, or yeah, the property insurance information. So would you like me to get the information of the property insurance fixed first before we handle the escrow analysis issue or should I get the escrow analysis? Yeah, that was going to actually make the calls that got to be new. I have the property insurance until they just send me the papers. So I'm trying to call them because I just literally got the new papers for the renewal. But I know the window I have now is good to December 30th. Right Right for farmers. Yes. And it looks like we do have that upcoming policy as well because it this state that a policy will take place on the 30th or after your active policy expires and it's from farmers as well. So I'm pretty sure we already have that new renewal information because they're reflecting on my system. It's just that I have to confirm with my property insurance team to get the exact information if you do need a flood insurance policy and then I can submit the information of if the policy that we already have on file includes that flood information but again I do have to wait until they confirm the information with me if the flood insurance is required or not just because if the information that the insurance agent told me is correct you not being in a flood zone then the flood insurance is required or not. Just because if the information that the insurance agent told me is correct, you not being in a flood zone, then the flood insurance will not be required out of you. It'll just be optional. So definitely want to get that confirmed with you. But ultimately, I do want to get the escrow analysis information corrected first so you can make your December's payment on time. So if you would like, I can put in that escrow request first and then fix the property insurance information or confirm the property information with you later on. Yes. I just want to hear up and get this because like I said, I like to pay. I live on a certain income and I want to be able to be able to pay this and get it out the way because I can't pay other bills until I take care of my mortgage and my HOA's and all that. And that's what I'm saying. Whatever I need it, I know it's supposed to have. So, you know, if they say I have flood insurance, I'm like, I'm not understanding why because when I live in a condo, I don't live in a house too. I live on a hill and three is not a flood zone. That's why I picked this place. Right, right. And I definitely want to confirm our property insurance team as well. But ultimately the main thing that I think we're both worried about is making sure you're able to make that payment on time. So I definitely want to get this payment adjusted first before you can make that payment so you don't pay over. Okay. So yeah, let me just type this request in real quick for my escrow management team. And then I'll notify them that there are some issues going on with property insurance. So whenever they fix this issue doesn't take your request back to me, I'll update you with that information. And then I'll confirm with my property insurance team about the flood issue and things like that. All right. It'll take about one or two minutes if you don't mind. No problem............................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................... Let me see here, almost done. Let me see here. And I'm just providing some more information for my Azure Management Team so they have a better look into what I told you, the information of the account activity is reflecting something incorrectly. I did provide some more information of what I was looking at to my escrow management team. I'm asking if they can review the account and update the information to reflect accurate information. I do want to let you know the average timeline for this process around three to five business days. So whenever I do get update status, I'll make sure to notify you as soon as possible. All right. And is this going to be done before the payment needs to be done? Yes, sir. This will be done before the 16th because that is the cutoff before the late fee started being added to the account. So this will be addressed and should be updated before that happens. I'll make sure to notify you so you can get the notification of making a payment. So whenever I do call you or email you about this at that moment, that's when you can make that payment. If you have any questions, I'd be happy to answer those questions. But ultimately, once I do notify you, I'll then get in contact with my property insurance team just to confirm the whole flood issue. All right. Perfect. And besides this issue with the payment increasing and then obviously I'll confirm the information with the flood insurance as well. Were there any other questions or concerns I might have overlooked? No, that's it right now. I'm actually about to call the insurance company and make that payment. I was just holding off because, you know, I'm still under the assurance, but I know that they renew it. They just sent me the papers for it. Gotcha. Gotcha. Yeah. So I'll definitely confirm all this information with you when I do get that back. And then ultimately I will have a new analysis performed as well. So you should be able to make your payment within that time frame. All right. Thank you. Of course. If there's no questions, I'll let you go so you have a wonderful day. There might be a brief survey at the ending of the call. All right. Thank you. Of course. If there's no other questions, I'll let you go so you have a wonderful day. There might be a brief survey at the ending of the call. All right. Thank you.