If you can verify only the zip code on the property address, please. Two, one, two, three, nine. Thank you so much, but we'll meet one moment. I just want to give you a quick overview of the account before moving forward. I do show you active enough forbearance plan, which is actually the reason for my call today. Account is contract with 58 days past two. I show the hardship was due to the unemployment initially. Is that still the case? Oh, yeah. All right. And like I said, I was kind of to follow up with that on you with you on that on the unemployment and the forbearance because it looks like the forbearance is coming to an end towards the end of January. So I wanted to see what your plan is. I have a callback request scheduled from you from last week and I'm following up on that. And that as well. It looks like it was on regards to the forbearance plan. Yeah. Yeah, someone had called me and I missed the call. So I called back. So yeah, I know that it's over at the end of January. And it should be, I think I'm paid up through November, through October. November, December and January and then February will be due as of February 1st. Is that not understanding correct? Correct. Yes. Yes, ma'am. Now, do you need an extension of that forbearance? Are you still going through a hardship or do you think you'll be ready to resume payments on February? As of now, I'm still going through the hardship. I'm looking at a temp job, which is maintaining my household bills, but it doesn't have enough to cover in full mortgage. But I am planning to pay at least two months in January. I'm going to go ahead and finish and I will send you an application because regardless if we're doing an extension of forbearance or if you want to apply for long-term options you will need to fill out that application that I send you. I'm sending it over to your email so you should be getting them within the next few minutes if you haven't already. Fill out the application when you have some time, maybe this weekend or during this week, please fill out that application and it should give you an option there to put your hardships, status as well, you know, so just do what's going on, basically, and then we'll review based on that because the hardships are ongoing, most likely we'll review for an extension. But usually when the forbearance goes over six months, we have to do it this way instead of over the fund, like verbally. For the extension, after the six months, we do need the application to be able to have it on file and make it like a formal forbearance. I see. Yep, I have it. All righty. So just fill that out when you have some time, send it in. Should take about a week or so to hear back if anything else is needed. If nothing is needed, you probably just get an email saying that is that has been approved for the extension. And if you if you don't apply for the extension and you apply for other options for us to help you bring a current, you should be in the response with it 30 days at most. Okay. Okay. Any questions about these, about the process, anything for me, Denise? Yeah, so. Okay, so with this application, I don't know what the other options are. I don't want to give it my home. It will depend. It will honestly depend on your situation. So if the hardship is not resolved, which you are not ready to resume payments yet, we're going to review for an extension that for brands, that's the only thing that we can give you. Now the long-term options will come when you're ready to resume payments because we don't want to give you an option for you to resume payments and then you default again and then you're no longer going to have that option because we can only do it every 12 months. So if the hardship is resolved, we'll give you either a deferral of the payment where we take the payment and move them to the end of the loan and just bring your current or a modification which it's similar to the deferral but it changes the term of the loan because instead of putting it at the end it just rolls it into the same loan so it'll make it longer. So it's a different option you can qualify for when the hardship is resolved and you're ready to resume payments. But if we give you those now and then you default again, you're no longer going to have those and then it's basically going to set you off of the fall. I got you. Okay. That answers my question. That was my question. No problem. Anything else you can think of? No, I'm going to take a look at the application. I do have it. OK, nice. Sounds good. No problem. Thank you so much for taking my call, Dan. You have a good rest of your day. Happy new year. OK, thank you. You too. Thank you, bye.