Thank you for calling Valen Mortgage. My name is Jacob. Agent ID is 1-320. Who do I have the pleasure of speaking with today? Hi, Jacob. This is Adria Magnus. Hello. How are we doing today? Okay. I'm calling out a couple of things I'm a little confused about. I'm sure you can help me. Gotcha. Gotcha. Yeah. Let me actually do that real fast. No, no. They actually populated when you called in. So I do appreciate that. And it did show that you came in fully authenticated. So I'll be all good to go. Thank you though. All right. And I'm down to the count. What kind of questions do we have for today? There are really a two of them. One is there is a late charge of 51.46. Apparently my, I've never paid anything late before. Apparently my monthly amount changed and I had this on auto pay. And so I just assumed that the correct amount was going to be taken out. And when I was notified that it hadn't been, I paid the difference. But you still charged me a late fee, which I would like you to eliminate. We'll do. Mike and Def do that right now. You're the best. And perfect. was able to leave the account so there's no ascending fee balance anymore. Great. Now my next question is I got a updated escrow analysis and payment update and you know I'm going to try to-pay again, and I don't want to get myself in trouble, and I honestly can't tell what I am paying for December, January, and February. Gotcha, yeah. This one, this escrow analysis, I can tell it's a little confusing, so I can definitely break this down for you, okay? Yeah, please. So let me me see escrow analysis performed perfect. Okay. So right now your payment amount is reflecting as a $1,689.90. The reason why it's reflecting that is because that will be the payment for January. The reason why the January payment is less than the other ones is because we did determine there was a surplus of $38.63, which we do have to refund back to you. Let me see that's been issued out. Yeah. Not yet. Let me take a look into it real quick. So, yeah, aren't you just going to take it off whatever my monthly payment is after that? I mean, yeah, that is accurate. So, yes. So, the January's payment since there's a surplus of the 3863, we're actually just removing that from the January's payment. And then starting in February, the 17, 28, that will be your new payment from February 2026 to February of 2027. Okay. Okay. I was confused because it says that your new monthly mortgage payment starting January 1st. And I saw two numbers and I wanted to make sure I had it correct. So, okay. All right. You answered my question. Yes. Are you going to be able to get some sort of confirming email that you've eliminated that $51 fee? Let me see if I can type something up for you right now. I mean, I know I just got one from you saying I owed it to you. So somewhere in there, if you just send a confirmation, that would be great. Yeah, of course. Let me see. Yes, I can definitely type something just saying I was able to read the late fee. And then I'll send that to the email that we have on file, which is a A-M-A-G-Mom at iCloud.com. Is that correct? That is correct, yes. Perfect. So I have that sent out to you right now. You can expect it within about a minute after this call. Yes, that's fine. I'm not in any rush. I just appreciate you doing this and you've been a great help. Of course. And before I let you go, were there any questions that I might have overlooked for today? I don't think so. Oh, I just got your email. Perfect. Go to the bell. Yes. All right. And then before I do let you go, I do see that you've been building equity inside set your home. Just wait till now if you want to explore the option to access the cash for things like home improvements. No, I do not. No worries. I'll let you go so you have a wonderful day. There might be a brief survey at the ending of the call. That's fine. That's fine. All right. Thank you so much. Of course. Bye bye. Could I stay on the line for it or? Yes, it should populate after this call. If you don't get a survey, that would be okay. I know sometimes system is low like 50 50 with them. So if you get one, I really do appreciate it. If you fill it out, if not, that'll be okay. You enjoy your day. Okay. Thank you. You too. Thank you.