My name is Laura. My agent, IDS1321. May I have you first in your last name? Yeah, my first name is Sarri. S-E-R-R-Y. Last name is Mellow, M-E-L-L-O. And also Ginger Mellow, G-I-N-G-E-R, M-E-L-L-O, calling on request 703-4829 concerning Jerry F. Clark. I'm sorry, where are you calling from? Where am I calling from? Yes, sir. Are you the account holder? No, the account holder was Jerry F. Clark. He has passed away. Ginger, Ginger and I have been trying to work with the service team to get a, for a couple of weeks now, a payoff figure for the title company for pending closing. Okay, and I can give you the information and where to send a request. Well, again, I'm responding with this email communications back and forth here with us, with your services team. Okay. The last one I got was today from Cylinda. I'm not not sure what that is, Master. I'm unable to pull anything without you being authorized on the account. So if they're, do you need to talk to Ginger? I don't have those names on the account. So we've talked to other, we've talked to other agents already concerning this, this mortgage. And we, again, there's a request in, and we've been doing email communications. Can you please? Yeah, I think we sent proof of death. Ginger is the state holder of Jerry Clark. She's a personal rep. Okay. So they only work through email. Unfortunately, we don't see the information. Once we see the information, then we can go into the account. But I don't see any details that are being updated with the authorization. That's right now. I'm sorry. Well, I don't understand because we've already called before and we've spoke with actually agents a couple of times, Jasmine on the phone, Caesar. I've been logging all the phone calls and then there's emails coming back and forth with Ginger. So I don't understand why you can't. We can't go any further right now. Yeah, because can't you look up that? Can't you look up that request number? What's the request number that they're giving you? 703 4829., okay. Now, it's saying it's pending, sir. That's what it's saying about that. Yes, that's correct. Yes, it's saying it's pending. Yes. Okay, do you see the communication? No, it's just telling me that this ticket is pending, but yes, I do see the ticket that's still in process right now. Yeah, right. And the latest email we get. OK, the email I just got. We got today. Wants two more documents. OK, because we've already sent them the death certificate and we've also sent documents that Ginger is the. The personal representative of the estate, okay? Now, well, what they're asking for to complete this, oh, Ginger being a successors in interest, she needs to supply proof of ownership. Please provide all pages of the recorded deed. And the second bullet point is a copy of your government issue photo ID. Now, one of my questions is, is that requiring Ginger to show her photo ID? I would send it yes. And if not, you can always reply to Celinda who was requesting it and ask her that question. Okay. I'm not sure about the recorded deed about getting that, you know, I don't know what steps I needed to get that for Celinda. Yeah, I'm not sure either, sir. All I know is that our support team. All right, I'll just respond to the email. Okay. Yes, Linda will send the link the information. I'm so sorry, but I do see it. So if you're an evil or should I say, I don't understand just advise of what it is you can send and what you cannot send. She'll let you know if it's accepted or not accepted or what other documents she can do. I'm going to send her the, I can send her the photo ID. But we still have, then we'll still have a question about how we're able to send the recorded deeds. I mean, you're, you know, institution keeps throwing Roblox and we're just trying to get through on the closing of the property, but we can't get started until we get a payoff figure and every time, you know, to get the payoff figure, we're going, you know, making us jump through all kinds of loops here. And it's getting very frustrating. It's been a couple of weeks now. And that's why I sound irritated because I am, you know. I'm going to hang up with you. I will sponsor the email and give her one of the two items, I believe, and then we'll have to take her from there. All right. Thank you. Yes. No problems. Have a good rest of your day. Thank you for your time.