cover valid mortgage. My name is Christian, agent ID 1374, and who have the pleasure of speaking with? Hi, my name is Jean Pierre, and I receive a check for $373.33 from you guys from Valon Mortgage Inc. We do an explanation, I don't know, because my mortgage was recently sold to you guys from wholesale mortgage. So I don't know what the 373 dollars was for. Is this like a late fee? No, that's I receive a check. Oh, check. Give me a second. I have to give it to your account. Do you happen to have your loan number? No. Hey, do you have your address, property address? Yes. It's 531, Northeast, S word straight. AIS, go ahead. Ainsworth, A-I-N-S-S, A-I-N-S-W-O-R-T-H. Correct, straight. Portland, Oregon. Portland, got you. Okay, and that's 531 Northeast Ainsworth, correct? Ainsworth Street. Yes. One second. Okay. Give me one second, my screen's loading. you And the name on the account, Jean-Pierre Dalla. Perfect. You can have found your information. Just give me a second to get into your account, okay? Okay. Just so you know, this call may be monitored and a recorded return and quality purposes. May I get the last four of your social? 6385. And the property zip code. 97211. Perfect. Give me one second. I'm almost in the account. Just need to make sure I have the most up-to-date contact information for you. Best number to reach you at is the phone number you're calling on, correct? Yes. And I have JP Tala 97211 at Yahoo.com. Is that your email address? Correct. And I have the mailing address, just to address that I found you by, correct? Yes. Perfect. Give me one second second I'm just going to look at your escrow statement that looks like it was sent to you just recently. this escrow statement shows that you have a surplus meaning there was extra money in your escrow account So anything over $50 we send to you and that's what looks like it happened We sent you the 373 33 because that was how much is over in the account Okay, that's a reason. Okay, it didn't attach it didn't't call me to act on, but if you had expanded, you know, under attachment, then I wouldn't be calling. Yeah. I think I just recent you the email. Um, you should receive it now. I just recent the email. Check your spam, but it's email that I sent you that does have the escrow statement in it that does give an explanation on that. Okay. Okay no problem at all is there anything else I'm able to help you with no that's all all right there's a brief survey for me at the end of this call I hope you enjoy the rest of your day and happy holidays okay thanks you too