Hi, thank you for calling Malla mortgage. My name is Charlotte agent. I'd be number 1152 who had the pleasure of speaking with Charlotte. This is Roman from the Sharon service department on a recorded line for quality training purposes. What's that happen? How are you? I'm doing well. How about yourself? Man, one of your agents made me mad today. Oh, no, that wasn't me. I could tell you that. No, it wasn't you. It was one of the people on your side, though. Oh, yeah. I'm not going to stick for everybody as before myself. Yep. Nope. I like, uh, good dude. What's happening? What's going on? I have an update customer. So here we go. It's not a name. It's not one of us. It's the customer now And we said Francisco Hernandez loan number nine two nine five four zero nine eight four zero He wants to discuss his escrow account. Oh, God. Did you advise him that I'm going to have to validate his identity when you transfer him? No, but I think it'll be fine. I mean, he's already upset. Roman, you're really trying to give me in trouble today. Okay. I took part of the heat. You could take the other part. Good. Good. Good. Let me bring him over. Get him transferred over. I'll get it. I got it. All right. Thanks. Hold on. Mr. Hernandez. Sir. Yeah. Go ahead. Okay. I have Charlotte from a customer service department. She's going to be taking care of you regarding your, uh, escort, uh, questions. Okay. Just remind you we are in a recordical, uh, Charlotte ahead. Hi, this is Charlotte, agent, 18, number 1152 here at Valen Mortgage on a recorded line. Who do I have the pleasure of speaking with? Francis, go ahead. How are you doing today, Francisco? I'm trying to say thank you for calling and sharing service and I miss the Francisco. Bye-bye, Charlotte. Oh, sorry. Thank you. It's okay, Roman. I'm trying to figure it out. I'm trying to get insurance. I was gonna do insurance with a company that shows on your system. But they were quoting me something different, something called DP1, which basically it takes a lot of the coverage, if you want to relate that from H03. I don't know why they do that and why they didn't tell me anything about it. But anyway, so I called a couple of places around and I found one that is a lot more. But it covers me some. So anyway, I wanted to find out he was not able to tell me how much is my escrow. When I look at my account, I couldn't see it because it shows that they already have withdraw the money or something like that. And I didn't approve anything. And I'm trying to talk to these people. So they supposed to be sending you the papers or the insurance or whatever is that you guys need, you know, to put it in the system. And with the remaining of the escrow, I guess you guys divided that into monthly payments or something like that, right? Yes and no. Escrow is a little tricky. Okay. Let me go ahead and verify the account with you and your identity. And then I'll be more than happy to go ahead and take a look at what we have on file and what's notated on the account to be able to better assist and answer your questions and concerns regarding the escrow. Is that okay? Okay. Yeah, go ahead. Okay, perfect. So, could you verify for me the last four of your social? Six to six. Thank you. And then the property zip code. 3, 2, 7, 3. Thank you for that. Let me get over here and see what's going on. All right. Okay, so I do see it was listed as loggerhead and that was the policy looks like it is set to either renew or expire tomorrow. But then I have one listed as people's trust that takes effect tomorrow. Yeah, that's the one I'm that's the one I'm canceling right now. The people's trust? Yeah, that's the one I told them to stop because they are. That's a law. I don't know. When I was going through it, it just was not covering anything. I don't know why they submitted when I didn't tell them to. So I'm talking to another company. Her name is Megan. I don't remember the name of the company. It's little insurance or something like that. Little Star insurance. But they already should have sent you some stuff because we've been dealing with this since the 10th. And so I don't know what you guys have or what is the process of it. Okay. Yeah, sure. Now, did she advise you if she sent in that document with request for payment for that policy? Did she send it to Valen at Ihaveinsurance.com? I don't know. Okay. So we need to find that out. Okay. Now, as far as the other policy getting paid, not a big deal because once you've notified them that you're canceling that policy, they're going to have to issue you a refund. And then I always recommend once you get that refund, put right back into the escrow account Okay, currently the escrow Wait wait wait number one I'm not gonna request anything because I have not paid anything Right Okay, but if you're canceling the policy that we just submitted payment to today for 1,887 right but right but you submitted a payment I didn't wait wait wait wait wait you're submitting a payment that I didn't ask you to submit it. No, because the insurance... I didn't sign, no. I didn't... No, no. The president got requests, whatever they want, and it is between you and them. It doesn't have nothing to do with me. One thing is for me to be looking at quotes, and the other thing is for me to approving anything. I didn't approve. All I did. But did they notify you that they were increasing your premium? Cool. Because they sent us the insurance company. They sent us the request to pay out the policy probably a month ago. They typically send it out about a month ago. Are you talking about, are you talking about loggerhead? No, I'm talking about the people's trust. That's who we just paid. The people's trust. People's trust is the one that, if I'm not mistaken, that's the company that is under your website, under your system. Okay. And this was about a week ago. Okay. Not even that. This was like four or five days ago. I look into it. They call me. I look at the number. He showed me something. He sent something to me. I ask for a quote. And that's what I did. I asked for a quote. I have not signed any documents. I haven't signed anything. That's why when I went into my account to look at how much escrow I have to compare it with whatever they're calling me on this company that I'm working with, I see that it says negative 232. So I call the number from Valon, but it comes from me directly to this guy that I was talking to. I didn't know he was the insurance company, but I'm calling a loan number. So anyway, so I say, why do you guys request for money that I have not approved? I didn't ask you for it. Oh, we were doing whatever they say, but no problem because the money have not gone through yet or whatever. And do you want me to make a stop payment? And I say, well, I haven't even asked you to even do anything. All I ask was a quote. Anybody can ask for a quote. But I'm not approving anything. And you are absolutely correct in that. You can ask for a quote, you know, but I'm not approving anything. And you are absolutely correct in that you can ask for a quote. But they wouldn't have sent a request for payment if there wasn't something agreed upon technically and we wouldn't have sent payment out. They've been calling me for the last four days. Let's do this. Let's do this. I'm going to place you on a brief hold and I'm going to do some digging to the account. So bear with me a few moments. Hi, Francesco, are you still there? One second one second. Yeah, go ahead. Okay, so after speaking with him. Yep. So after speaking with an agent over at our insurance services team, I got a little bit better understanding of what's going on. So yes, people's choice is considered a lender's choice type of insurance. Why they sent a request for payment with the policy, I don't know. Okay. But I was ensured that this agent could tell that the prior agent did put a code on the account payment to stop that payment. And it's going to freeze that payment from going anywhere. Okay. And the reason for that is, is because you had indicated to him that you didn't want that policy paid out because you were still shopping around for insurance. Okay. So what I am highly suggesting to you is once you figure out what carrier you're going to go with, you're definitely going to have to have your agent or that company reach out to us so that we can get this updated because the current policy that your coverage is with with loggerhead. It expires tomorrow. Yeah, but she's actually on my other line and she's listening to what you're saying. And she said she already submitted all the papers to you guys. Yeah, you can take a few days for that. But I can send them to you. You can give me a website where I could upload the documents, I can do that right now. Okay, can you give us that information, please? I can, because it's general information. Email is going to be Valen, V. Lake Victor, A-L-O-N, like Nancy, at ihaveinsurance.com, or you can upload at ihaveinsurance.com forward slash Valen. I've already got the e-mail ready to go. Okay, so you guys need to know the carrier name, and if possible, a policy number and a premium amount. So I can reach back out to my insurance services team, and I'm not going to disclose any information to her Francisco about the account. But I need to know the carrier name, and if possible, a policy number and a premium amount, so I can reach back out to my insurance services team and have them update your account on their end so that they know when that comes in, they're going to go ahead and process that. Okay, can you provide is going to be a little bit for tomorrow. Okay, the phone did cut out a little bit. Could you provide me with the beginning of the policy number up until the nine one. I've got everything after that. Okay, so Sam Brady nine one dash zero zero five three seven seven. And it's going to be 12, 13, 25 to 12, 13 of 26. What's the carrier name? That's correct. It's Benchmark Specialty Insurance Company. Benchmark Specialty Insurance Company. Benchmark Specialty Insurance Company. And it's gonna be 12, 13, 25 to 12, 13 of 26. What's the carrier name? That's correct. It's Benchmark Specialty Insurance Company. Benchmark Specialty Insurance Company. Benchmark Specialty Insurance Company. And it's gonna be 12, 13, 25 to 12, 13 of 26. What's the carrier name? Benchmark Specialty Insurance Company. Benchmark Specialty Insurance Company. Benchmark Specialty Insurance Company. Benchmark Specialty Insurance Company. And it's gonna be 12, 13, 25 to 12, 13 of 26. What's the carrier name? Benchmark Specialty Insurance Company. Benchmark Specialty Insurance Company. Benchmark Specialty Insurance Company. Benchmark Specialty Insurance Company. Benchmark Specialty Insurance Company. Benchmark Specialty Insurance Company. Benchmark Specialty Insurance Company. Benchmark Specialty Insurance Company. Benchmark Specialty Insurance Company. Benchmark Specialty Insurance Company. Benchmark Specialty Insurance Company. Benchmark Specialty Insurance Company. Benchmark Specialty Insurance Company. Benchmark Specialty Insurance Company. Benchmark Specialty Insurance Company. Benchmark Specialty Insurance Company. Benchmark Specialty Insurance Company. Benchmark Specialty Insurance Company. Benchmark Specialty Insurance Company. Benchmark Specialty Insurance Company. Benchmark Specialty Insurance Company. Benchmark Specialty Insurance Company. Benchmark Specialty Insurance Company. Benchmark Specialty Insurance Company. Benchmark Specialty Insurance Company. Benchmark Specialty Insurance Company. Benchmark Specialty Insurance. Benchmark Specialty Insurance. Benchmark Specialty Insurance. Benchmark Specialty Insurance. Benchmark Specialty Insurance. Benchmark Specialty Insurance. Benchmark Specialty Insurance. Benchmark Specialty Insurance. Benchmark Specialty Insurance. Benchmark Specialty Insurance. Benchmark Specialty Insurance. Benchmark Specialty Insurance. Benchmark Specialty Insurance. Benchmark Specialty Insurance. Benchmark. Specialty, and sure. And one penny. And one one. Yep, I got it. OK. All right, and then I'll go ahead and get this out for me. Oh, yeah, that would be good. What's the premium amount? OK, OK. 2,900 is $65 and 10.65.10. All right. Thank you for that. All right. Okay, Megan, do you need Megan for anything else? I do not know. Okay, okay, Megan. Thank you so much. I quote you if I need you, okay? Thank you. Bye-bye. All righty. So you have everything you need at this point, right? Correct. I am going to place you on a brief hold and I am going to reach back out to insurance services. So what's going to happen is we're going to have them cancel that payment going out to people's trust. Okay. Okay. So did those funds? Yeah, I wish I would have done it with you guys because it's supposed to be easier for me. But I don't know the the when when I started going over the insurance, it looks like I lost a lot of stuff. And then when I was talking to different people, they say, yeah, but why are you renting the property? And they're like, no, I effing it. So why are they giving you a DP1 in another H03? So I don't know nothing about insurance. I don't know if you know what I'm talking about. I do. I do. It's the way they had your property listed. They assumed that it was a rental property and not a primary residence. Why? I've been there now for. I don't know. It's 2015. I couldn't tell you that. I honestly couldn't. But let me place you on a brief hold. I'm going to reach out to Insurance Services, let them know that that Code 7 on that other payment, we need to adjust that to stop payment, cancel payment. And then I'm going to provide them with the information she gave me so that they can notate that when that comes in that payment needs to go out. Okay. So you got to bear with me a few minutes longer. Okay. Alrighty. Alright. Thanks, Francisco. One moment. Francisco are you still there? Yes, I'm here. Oh, okay. So, hey, Francisco, a little bit of a snag in our mission today. Unfortunately, the agent that I have on the line cannot take the information that Megan gave me. So, unfortunately, he is going to have to reach out to her with you on the line so that he can obtain the same information from her that she just provided me. But I'm going to go ahead and notice on the account on my end and send it to our internal insurance for you. Okay. Okay, so that she has the information that you have the information? Does she have the number? Or does he have the number? I don't have that for Megan. No, you'll have to give him Megan's contact number so he can call her. Okay. Okay. I do apologize. I'll go ahead and leave you with the insurance services agent. Okay. All right. Thank you. What would your name again? My name is Charlotte. Charlotte. Okay. Thank you so much. You're welcome. Okay.