Thank you for calling balance. This is our Carlos ID one two eight year. How can I help you?  Hey Carlos. This is Matt. I'm calling from the insurance service center here at valent employees M34. I didn't say  Good, how are you man?  I'm not too bad. It's Friday. You know, we can close through the weekend and all these two so I'm actually doing pretty good  I'm saying, you know, yeah for sure. Yeah  But let me know when you're ready for that little number. I'm ready  It's going to be two eight seven eight five zero zero nine nine five  What do you have a light?  We have  Candace Bowler at full of the thing in verified at two four four six  North 22nd Avenue Phoenix, Arizona eight five zero zero nine  essentially other questions about  Putting an additional payment into escrow. That's what I've been helping us for our today  Yeah, so  So just gonna make a payment  Yeah, put additional funds into escrow. It is to pay for insurance, but you know, let's put money to escrow. So I figured that's where do you guys come in?  Okay, you said it's Kenneth. Uh, hello. Fuller  Uh, it said Candace bowler is what he said as a most  Candace Candace bowler. Yeah. He said his name is Candace bowler. So  Okay, all right. Yeah, I'm just going off with this and so  I don't know what anyone's gonna get connected now. Thank you  All right. We are connected. Are you still there?  Yes, thanks for holding. I appreciate that. So I have Carlos here from our customer service department  You can help assist further with that payment in escrow. Do you have any more insurance questions before I depart?  I do not thank you very much  Excellent. Thank you for calling the insurance service center. You both have a great weekend now. Bye. Bye. Thank you  Hi, this is our carless. You're with a claiming engagement. I do one two eight zero and now we speak with today  Casey bowler  Okay, all right. Thank you. Can we one moment?  It just for security purposes. Can you please verify the last free social  Five zero six zero two  Thank you, and can you also verify the properties of the police  Eight five zero zero nine. Thank you. Yeah, perfect. I appreciate verify that information. We will move on land and  Okay, all right, so we're updating our records here  And this photo that you call from is at the best photo. I'm going to have a power for you  For me, yes  Thank you  We'll be right with this for a moment  Yeah  Okay, so I have your account up and now all right, so what can I do for you today?  We recently switched insurance companies and I just need I got a check from  The old company and I just need to make a payment into  an astro an additional us for payment  Should think we're more than happy to assist you with that request  Okay, well, you'll be using the the account on file that's bank for America  Account any in that six eight six eight  No  Okay, so then we can go ahead and process that payment for you  Um, do you happen to have your your routing number and also your checking or savings account with you?  I'm pulling  I  Let me know if you have any questions  I  You  Yeah, we're just from all of this  Yep, thank you  Okay, sir, please what are you away?  No, no problem. Okay, I've got the do you want the accounting number the  Oh  You  You  You  You  You  Thanks for your comment today. I hope you have yourself happy holidays. Please tell my friend be sir. Okay, one moment