Hello, thank you for calling valid mortgage. My name is Jacob, agent ID's one, two, zero. Who got pleasure speaking with today?  Anthony, relative. Thank you. How are we doing today?  I'm not okay. I'm going to make a payment today because I always make my payments. I normally make it on the third year.  But it said that my payments were 31 in change. I'm not understanding why is it 3000 in change if every month I used to pay 18 in something.  Yeah, let me take a look for you. 100 escrow since when I had to pay escrow that much and in one shot.  Take a look into this for you. Bear with me for one moment. I'm going to review this information.  I'm going to review this escrow analysis to see what information is reflecting on this and then I'll confirm if this information is correct with my system.  And if not, we can definitely get this change for you. Bear with me for one moment. Please.  I'm sure it's...  See, taxes and property insurance.  Still reviewing this information. Bear with me for one moment. Please.  I'm going to open this up.  I'm going to open this up.  I'm going to open this up.  All right, I see the issue here is on this escrow analysis that you received, it did  state that at the ending of December, we would be paying out your flood insurance  as a premium of $622, but that flood insurance disburseant never went out, so technically  that's incorrect information.  I'll let my escrow management team know that they need to run a new analysis with the correct  activity history that took place.  But ultimately, I do want to know for the flood insurance information we do have an  expired policy.  We do not have an active policy for your flood as of right now.  How is that if I still have insurance effective of until the end of this month?  So I do see we have your property insurance is just that labeled on the system is showing  that the flood insurance is expired, is your flood included within your homeowners?  Yeah, everything should be in there, but I don't even live in the flood area.  There's not one lick of water nowhere near me.  But I'm not only, you know, everything should be included in that, in that thing.  When I got this, the person that I dealt with also deals with the mortgage, I dealt  with people that work together and know what each other needs, so they put down everything  that I need it on this policy.  Like literally my, my, my, my, the banker people that did everything and put them on  and originally, that was my brother-in-law, the person that did my insurance, that was  my cousin.  So these are all people that literally work together so they all know what each other needs.  All right, let me see here.  I might have to contact my insurance department to see if they have any information about  that.  Flood policy, just because right now I don't see anything like, you know, my end is $1,000  a year for flood insurance is insane, especially when I don't live in a flood area.  That's why I even move here because the flood risk was like almost nothing.  Yeah, let me see if they have the information just because it's not reflecting on my end.  I do my own patient or brief hold right, talk to them real quick.  All right.  Thank you.  Hello Anthony, you still with me?  Yes.  Thank you for holding a pause about the extreme long wait time.  So I just got done speaking with the an agent in the insurance department just to confirm  the information.  So I tried to ask if he had any information about flood policy.  He just showed, he just explained that he has the same information reflecting on my  end as well.  I asked then if he could confirm if the flood insurance information was included in the  homeowners policy that he sent over to us.  He wasn't able to access the information, but he did let me know that if that information  was added or if that information is included within that policy, there would be a second  or a separate declaration page for the flood insurance.  So we can add that added to the account.  But before we, you know, get it on tell that he did let me know that on his system that  it's reflecting that you're not in a flood zone.  So that's making me think that we don't need a flood insurance policy if that's not  done.  It's not required.  But my end, it's still showing that it's required.  So at this moment, what I will do is just so we can get all the information cleared up and  everything.  I will still submit requests to my escrow management team stating that the escrow account  activity that's labeled on that analysis is incorrect because it did state that there was  a $6,000 insurance premium going out in the end of October, which never happened, which  is causing this payment to increase this much.  But ultimately, I do have to get this information fixed of the property insurance or, yeah,  the property insurance information.  So would you like me to get the information of the property insurance fixed first before  we handled the escrow analysis issue or should I get the escrow analysis?  Yeah.  That was going to actually make the calls.  I got to renew.  I have the property insurance until they're just sending the papers.  So I'm trying to call them because I just literally got the new papers for the renewal.  But I know the one that I have now is good to December 30th.  Right.  For farmers.  Yes.  And it looks like we do have that upcoming policy as well because it does state that a policy  would take place on the 30th for after your active policy expires.  And it's from farmers as well.  I'm pretty sure we already have that new renewal information because they're reflecting  on my system.  It's just that I have to confirm with my property insurance team to get the exact information  if you do need a flood insurance policy.  And then I can submit the information of if the policy that we already have on file includes  that flood information.  But again, I do have to wait until they confirm the information with me if the flood insurance  is required or not.  Just because if the information that the insurance agent told me is correct, you're not  having a flood zone, then the flood insurance would not be required out of you.  It would just be optional.  So definitely want to get that confirmed with you.  But ultimately, I do want to get the escrow analysis information corrected first so you can  make your December payment on time.  So if you would like, I can put in that escrow request first and then fix it, prepping  insurance information or confirm the property information with you later on.  Yes.  I just want to hear up and get this because like I said, I like to pay.  I live on a certain income and I want to be able to be able to pay this and get it out  the way because I can't pay other bills until I take care of my mortgage and my HOA's  and all that.  And that's what I'm saying.  Whatever I need it, I know it's supposed to have.  So if they have flood insurance, I'm not understanding why because when I live in a condo,  and I live in a house too, I live on a hill and three is not a flood zone.  That's why I picked this place.  Right, right.  And I definitely want to get that confirmed with my property insurance team as well.  But ultimately, the main thing that I think we're both worried about is making sure you're  able to make that payment on time.  So I definitely want to get this payment adjusted first before you can make that payment  so you don't pay over.  Okay.  So yeah, let me just type this request in real quick for my escrow management team.  And then I'll notify them that there are some issues going on with property insurance.  So whenever they fix this issue, this can just take your request back to me.  I'll update you with that information and then I'll then get some, then I'll confirm  with my property insurance team about the flood issue and things like that.  All right.  And take about one or two minutes if you don't mind.  No problem.  Let me see here, almost done.  Let me see here, and I'm just providing some, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know.  Some more information from my escrow management team.  So they have a better look into what I'm looking at.  All right, perfect.  So I have that all typed up.  Just basically saying what I told you, the information of the account activity is reflecting  something incorrectly.  I did provide some more information while I was looking at to my escrow management team.  I'm asking if they can review the account and update the information to reflect accurate  information.  I do want to know the average timeline for this process around three to five business days.  So whenever I do get updates status, I'll make sure to notify you as soon as possible.  All right.  And is this going to be done before the payment needs to be done?  Yes, sir.  This will be done before the 16th, because that is the cutoff before the late fee started  being added to the account.  So this will be addressed and should be updated before that happens.  I'll make sure to notify you so you can get the notification of making a payment.  So whenever I do call you or email you about this at that moment, that's when you can  make that payment.  If you have any questions, I'll be happy to answer those questions.  But ultimately, once I do notify you, I'll then get in contact with my proper insurance  team just to confirm the whole flood issue.  All right.  All right, perfect.  And besides this issue with the payment increasing and then obviously I'll confirm the information  with the flood insurance as well, whether any other questions or concerns I might have  overlooked.  Oh, no, that's it right now.  I'm actually about to call the insurance company and make that payment.  I was just holding off because, you know, I'm still under the insurance.  But I know that they renew or they just don't be the papers for it.  Gotcha.  Gotcha.  Yeah.  So I'll definitely definitely confirm all this information with you when I do get that back.  And then ultimately, I will have a new analysis performed as well.  So you should be able to make your payment within that timeframe.  All right.  Thank you.  And of course, if there's no other questions, I'll let you go so you have a wonderful day  that there might be your brief survey at the ending of the call.  All right.  Thank you.  All right.