Thank you for calling out the mortgage.  This is James, age and ID number 10,  30 on a recorded line.  Who'd rather the pleasure speaking with today?  Yes, hi.  My name is Juanas, you went to a classroom.  Thank you for that.  I do see that you're fully authenticated  through the IDR system.  How can I help you out today?  Yes, I'm going just to ask about the PMI removal.  I don't know if we qualify yet, or I don't know what I need to do.  Yeah, I can definitely take the look.  OK, I just wanted to confirm some quick contact information.  The 941, yeah, 941, sorry, 941, chocolate street,  and ozone park, New York, is that still the correct mailing  address?  Yes, yes, I do too.  All righty, and in the email address,  I have your first and last name, 29 at gmail.com,  is that correct?  Go right, yep.  All righty, perfect.  So let me take a look here, because oftentimes,  it does have an automatic termination date,  but let me see if there's anything  that we would need in order to get a remove of the account.  Bear with me one moment.  Yes, sure.  OK, so it looks like the automatic termination date  is October 1, 2035.  But if you're wanting to see if it could remove before then,  then I do have an email address that you  would be able to submit the request directly  to our mortgage insurance team.  And then they'll be able to let you know  if you qualify to have it removed here sooner.  What is the condition?  If you have to, because the letter that you sent me  is said that we've been paying the mortgage for a year,  and without missing any payment, was that like the one  condition?  Yeah, that is.  Yeah, so one of the conditions is we  want to make sure that you have a clean payment history.  And then we also take a look to at your loan to value ratio.  We're looking for it to be at 80% or below.  And that'll definitely help get it removed.  That'll help getting it removed off of the account as well.  OK, I can try.  I mean, you know, this is hard to get an email.  Absolutely.  And if there is anything else that they need,  or that would help, they'll definitely  be able to explain that in detail for you  to help get it removed off of the account.  OK, great.  OK, so the email address that you'll  send the email directly to our insurance team  is going to be mortgage.  Give me one second.  OK, mortgage.  And then the minus sign.  OK.  And the insurance.  OK, I'm sorry.  And this is the first second.  And always.  OK, mortgage, the minus sign insurance, OK.  At valen.com.  OK.  And then I'll repeat it.  I just have made sure I have a corrected mortgage.  The minus sign insurance at valen.com.  And then you would just essentially include  your loan number and the subject line of the email.  And then you would be able to ask, hey,  I'm looking to get more information about removing  my private mortgage insurance.  Can you please assess?  And then we'll get back and touch with you.  I would say within three to five business days.  Maybe sooner, just depending on our case load.  And then we'll kind of give you a little bit more  information about that.  OK.  All right.  Thank you so much.  Oh, you're welcome.  Did you have any other concerns or questions?  I actually have another other activity.  So when I got the loan through the bank,  I don't remember the name of the bank.  So I'm excited or something.  Did I help me tell me that I can refinance after a certain time?  Are we qualified for that yet?  Or not yet?  Because the interest rate is higher than that.  Yeah, so for that part, I'm not 100% sure.  So what I would have to do, if you wanted to,  is I can try and see you directly to our lending department.  And then they would be able to give you more information  about interest rates or to see if you qualify for a refinance.  I'm going to call back later.  Let me take one thing every time.  I'm going to, yeah, I'll call back.  Thank you so much for your help.  Oh, you're welcome.  There is a survey at the end of the call.  I hope you enjoy the rest of your day.  OK?  You too, bye, bye.