We've recovered valid mortgage.  My name is Christian,  agent ID 1, 3, 7, 4.  And who'd have the pleasure speaking with?  Hi, my name is John Pierre.  And I receive a check for 373 hours and 33 cents  from you guys from Valon, mortgage, and we do explanation.  I don't know because my mortgage was recently sold  to you guys from wholesale or mortgage.  So I don't know what the 373 hour will do so.  Is this like a late fee?  No, that's our receive a check.  Oh, a check.  Give me a second.  I have to give it to your account.  Do you happen to have your loan number?  No.  Hey, do you have your address?  Property address?  Yes.  It's 531, Northeast, and it's Word Straight.  A-I-N-S, go ahead.  And it's Word A-I-N-S, S-I-A-I-N-S-W-O-R-T-H.  Oh, correct, straight.  Portland, Oregon, Portland, Dachi.  Okay, and that's 531, Northeast, A-N-S, we're correct.  A-N-S, we're right.  Yes.  One second.  All right.  Give me one second.  My screen's loading.  All right.  Okay.  Okay.  Name the name on the account.  For example, it's our six.  I found your information.  Just give me a second and get into your account, okay.  Just so you know this call.  may be monitored and are recorded for turning in quality purposes.  May I get the last four of your social?  6, 3, 8, 5.  You have the properties of code.  9, 7, 2, 1, 1.  Perfect, give me one second.  I'm almost in the account.  Just need to make sure I have the most up-to-date contact  information for you.  Best number to reach you at is a phone number.  You're calling on correct?  Yes.  And I have JP Tallah, 9, 7, 2, 1, 1, 8, Yahoo.com.  Is that your email address?  Correct.  And I have the mailing address just to address that I found you  by correct?  Yes.  Perfect.  Give me one second.  I'm almost in the account.  OK, and I'm just going to look at your escrow statement.  It looks like it was sent to you just recently.  This escrow statement shows that you have a surplus  meaning there was extra money in your escrow account.  So anything over $50 we sent to you.  And that's what looks like it happened.  We sent you the 373, 33, because that was how much is over  in the account.  OK, that's the reason.  OK, it didn't attach.  It didn't come with the act on, but if they had expanded  in on their catchment, then I wouldn't be calling.  No, I think I just recent you the email.  You should receive it now.  I just recent the email check your spam.  But it's the email that I sent you that does have the escrow  statement in it that does give an explanation on that.  OK, OK, thank you.  No problem at all.  Is there anything else I may be able to help you with?  No, that's all.  All right.  There's a brief survey for me at the end of this call.  I hope you enjoy the rest of your day and happy holidays.  OK?  Thank you, too.