Thank you for calling Alan mortgage. My name is Alexia. My agent ID is 144. I do want to let  you know that you've been recorded in monitor for turning quality purposes.  May I have your first and last name? Well, first name is A-N. Last name is Win and G-U-Y-E-N.  Allow me one moment to open up your account.  Hello. Yes, my name is Aris pulling up your account.  So you came through fully authenticated how may I assist you?  So last time we made a payment clearly on the little, was it the payment ticket to be added  to additional principal? So when we got the next payment, the upcoming one, it says that interest  was taken out of it. Why was it not added to principal like we added onto the line?  It should have been. All right. So I see the payment. I see a thousand or two did go to interest  and 155.77 went towards principal. But you just wanted the whole 15 into additional principal?  Yes, there's only the line for additional principal and we just put 15k for additional  principal. Not for an entrance or any other payment. We had a separate check for that monthly  payment and then a separate way just for the principal. All right. Allow me just one moment to get  this reallocated correctly. I'm going to place you on a hold and I'll take care of this for you.  All right. All right. Thank you. All right. I did get the reallocation ticket submitted.  Allow two to three business days to see it reflect on your account. Is there anything else I can  assist you with today? So it will show on the next bill or will it show on the next  or just show digitally onto the account? I should show on your next bill as well. You would see  the your principal balance down more. Yes, ma'am. All right. So that happened every time I  add anything to principal. I didn't have to call you guys regarding that. Typically no.  But if you make your payments online, you can specifically choose where you want the money going to.  Like if you pan your online website. Well, when you send a check, sometimes it does  you know, go to the incorrect places. If you call in, you can always make a payment directly  with us and we could make sure it goes into the correct place.  Oh, okay. Well, thank you for that. Thank you. No problem. No, it's like I can do for you.  I believe that is it. All right. I'll be a great rest of your day and there'll be a brave survey  at the end of the call. All right. Thank you. You as well.