thing for calling valid mortgage. My name is Jacob. Agent ID is 1-3-2-0. Who do I have  the pleasure of speaking with today? Hi Jacob, this is Adria Magnus. Hello, how are  we doing today? Okay, I'm calling out a couple things I'm a little confused about. I'm sure  you can help me. Gosh, I gotcha, yeah. Let me actually be out real fast. No, no, they actually  populated when you called in so I do appreciate that and it did show that you came in full  authenticated so I'll be all good to go. Thank you though. Alright. And I'm now into the count.  What kind of questions do we have for today? There are really two of them. One is there is a late charge  of 51-46. Apparently, I've never paid anything late before. Apparently, my monthly amount changed  and I had this on auto pay and so I just assumed that the correct amount was going to be taken out  and when I was notified that it hadn't been, I paid the difference but you still charged me a late  fee which I would like you to eliminate. We'll do. My cadets do that right now. You're the best.  Perfect. I was able to leave that leafy up the count so there's no ascending fee balance anymore.  Great. Now my next question is, I got an updated escrow analysis and payment update and  you know, I'm going to try to do this to auto pay again and I don't want to get myself in trouble  and I honestly can't tell what I am paying for December, January, and February. You gotcha.  Yeah. This one, this escrow analysis I can tell it's a little confusing so I can definitely  break this down for you. Okay. So let me see escrow analysis performed perfect.  Okay. So right now your payment amount is reflecting as a $1,689.90. The reason why it's reflecting  that is because that will be the payment for January. The reason why the January payment is less  than the other ones is because we did determine there was a surplus of $38.63 which we do have  to refund back to you. Let me see that's been issued out. Yeah. Not yet. Let me take a look into  the real quick. Yeah. Aren't you just going to take it off whatever my monthly payment is after that?  I mean, yeah. That is accurate. So yes. So the January payment since there's a surplus of the  $38.63, we're actually just removing that from the January's payment and then starting in February,  the 1723, that will be your new payment from February, 2026 to February of 2027.  Okay. Okay. I was confused because it says that your new monthly mortgage payment starting  January 1st and I saw two numbers and I wanted to make sure I had it correct. So okay.  All right. So you answered my question. Yes. Are you going to be able to do some sort of confirming  email that you've eliminated that $51 fee? Let me see if I can type something up for you right now.  I mean, I know I just got one from you saying I owed it to you. So somewhere in there,  you just send a confirmation. That would be great. Yeah, of course. Let me see.  Yes, I can definitely type something up for you. Let me get that going for you.  All right. Perfect. Yeah, I have that confirmation email just saying I was able to wait the late fee  and then I'll send that to the email that we have on file, which is a A M A G mom at iCloud.com. Is that  correct? That is correct. Yes. Perfect. So I have that sent out to you right now. You can expect  it within about a minute after this call. Yes, I'm not in any rush. I just appreciate you doing  this and you've been a great help. Of course. And before I let you go,  were there any questions that I might have overlooked for today? I don't think so.  Oh, I just got your email. Perfect. Yes. All right.  And then before I do let you go, I do see that you've been building equity and set your home.  Just wait till now. If you want to explore the option to access the cash, but things like home  improvements. No, I do not know where it is. I'll let you go. So you have a wonderful day that  there might be a brief survey at the ending of the call. That's fine. That's fine. All right.  Thank you so much. Of course. Bye bye. Did I stay on the line for you? Or yes, it should  probably after this call. If you don't get a survey, that would be okay. I know sometimes  the system is low, like 50, 50 with them. So if you get one, I really do appreciate it if you  fill it out. If not, it would be okay. You enjoy your day. Okay. Thank you. You too. Thank you.