Thank you so much for commenting about in mortgage.  My name is Miriam, agent ID 1341.  I do want to let you know that this call  the monitored or recorded for quality assurance purposes.  Who do I have a pleasure of speaking with?  Hi, I'm Miriam Goodmoorings.  This is Samuel from the Insurance Service Center  in a recorded line calling in regards  of low number 645, 677, 0480.  Thank you so much.  What is the homeowner's name?  Yeah.  Mr. Hackam, your own.  And, well, he has some questions regarding his escrow balance.  It's okay if I transfer the call.  Oh, that's fine.  You can get him over, thank you.  Thank you.  Can you repeat your ID again?  I'm sorry.  13401?  13401, guys.  Thanks so much.  Thank you.  Hello, Mr. Hackam.  Yes.  Thanks for holding.  I got Miriam here at Customer Service Representative.  I'm living you in the best sense.  Thank you, and have an a's a.  Thank you.  Hi, this is Miriam with valid mortgage, agent ID 1341.  I do want to let you know that this call  will be monitored or recorded for quality assurance purposes.  Do you mind providing me with your personal last name, please?  Yes, a Hackam, last thing you want.  Thank you so much.  Do you mind verifying the last four of our social?  9096.  And your date of birth?  1126.  51.  I don't think you so much.  Give me one second.  And then I was able to pull up the account.  But before I'm able to access it,  it does look like you've built equity in your home.  Would you be interested in speaking with somebody  about that today?  No, not today.  No problem.  And then I do understand that you have questions  like your escrow balance.  How may I access today?  Yeah, so I just want to get this up to date  so the name is back to where it was.  Basically, what happened?  There were two policies.  So they made it out twice.  A long story short, I got the refund check  for one of the policies.  So there's only one active policy on file.  So I just need to apply that refund check back  to the escrow accounts and see if there's anything else  additional that's needed on top of that  to bring the payment back to where it should be  instead of going up next month.  No problem.  What is the amount that you received  or that you're putting back into the account?  Well, let me confirm the amount to be exact.  It was, it's for $4,895,038 since.  I did look at the escrow statement a lot.  It is showing, I'm not mistaken  it's showing the shortage of $5,244.64.  That is correct.  Okay, so that's what needs to be reapplied back  and then that you guys would reanalyze the escrows  and how it works.  Yeah, so are you looking to make just a $4,895.38  or are you looking to make the shortage amount?  No, well, what are the shortage that way?  It doesn't increase the payment.  Okay, so you're looking to do the $5,244.64?  Yes, and I was wondering, am I able to schedule  that payment to be drafted next week?  You can.  Yeah, once the payment is cleared, then that'll be adjusted.  It does take about 35 minutes in a day  for that to be adjusted.  Is that okay with you?  That's fine.  Yeah, because I think that'll give us enough time.  I just, because I deposit the check  just want to make sure it's officially available  before drafting.  So if we get scheduled, maybe for the 8th of December  to get drafted.  Okay, and then I do want to let you know  that when you pay the shortage amount,  your payment does decrease by approximately $437.05.  So your payment will approximately, let's see.  One second.  It'll go from 291901 to approximately 2481.96.  Okay, yeah, I think that that's where it was.  Yeah, it was at 2350, 450.  So it'll still increase slightly,  but it won't like go back to that specific amount.  I'm so sorry you're cutting out what was that.  You're like really like cutting out a choppy payment here, OK?  Yeah, so it sounds like you're speaking.  You're just like breaking up really bad.  I kind of make out what you're saying.  I'm sorry.  Are we going to go?  Hello.  Hello.  Hello.  Hello.  Hello.  Hello.  Hello.  Hello.  Did you do something the same?  OK, I'm sorry.