Hello.  Thank you for calling Ellen Mortgage.  My name is Tanya.  Agent ID 1126 is called maybe monitor to record it for training and quality of purposes.  To get started, may I have your first and last name please?  Yes.  My first name is Olukayo Dei.  Last name is from the world.  Thank you, one moment.  Let's get that out, two feet.  All righty.  I've got your account loading in here and I do see that you verified through the automated system.  Thank you for that.  Yeah.  All right.  And if I can just confirm contact information is all up to date, is your mailing address still 393 Harvey  has plain filled New Jersey, 07062.  That's correct.  Thank you.  And your email at kayifal21 at gmail.com.  Is that correct?  Yes.  Thank you.  And for your best phone number is 908-397-1315.  Still a good number for you.  Yes.  Okay.  Thank you so much.  One moment please.  All right.  I've got your account for that.  How may I help you today?  Okay.  So since the purchase of this home, I've had to essentially reconstruct it from top to bottom  because the previous seller that sold it to me sold it fraudulently.  And there are some concealed defects that he did not disclose upon the sale.  So long story short, I have exhausted all my options currently.  And as you can see, I'm very past due on my current mortgage because I've had to expand  your chair almost all of my savings in credit to almost fix this home.  So I am in a bit of a bind here where I'm going to need to step in and have my financial institution  at least being made aware or help me at least sell the home so I can avoid a foreclosure  because that's most likely the direction I'm heading towards now.  Oh, okay.  Oh, my goodness.  Oh, that's a lot of it.  Yeah.  Okay.  That's right.  Well, what I can do is we do have a mortgage assistance team that can go over some options  if you're interested in exploring different options to avoid foreclosure and help you get back on track.  Would you like to speak with them today?  Sure.  Okay.  And do you currently reside at this property address?  No, this is a rental property.  Okay.  All right.  Do you have any other questions?  Please replace two on a hold and connect you with a specialist.  That's it.  Thank you.  Okay.  Thank you.  One moment, please.  Hello.  Mr. follower.  Thank you so much for holding.  I appreciate your patience.  I have got Joshua on the line here, a specialist who will go ahead and take over and assist  you further from here.  You both take care.  Have a wonderful rest of your day.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.