Thank you for calling valid mortgage. My name is Jacob agent ID 1230. Who are the pleasure speaking with today?  I'm sorry. What was your name Jacob?  Yes  Hi Jacob. My name is Albert Sue HSU  Okay, do you have a low numbers? I can pull up that account  No, I I've been told that the mortgage got transferred to you  I know this is not your fault  But they never give me a low number and so I'm trying to figure out how to make payments when I drop a low number  And credit you're getting do you have the old low numbers? I can put up a count on my my end with that  They just set up alone, so I'm not sure what that number is. Is there any other way to look it up or you can't do anything?  What's the property address  Oh  Now hold on  It's  1 6 0 5 Labrador Drive in Columbia, Missouri  Can you spell the name of the street?  Labrador like the dog L a B R a B O R drive  I  Just moment  Okay, and then I do just have to let you know that the call may be monitored and  are recorded for quality and budget grades.  Now please take a complaint that I was told that my mortgage was sold to a new to Valon  and I never got a mortgage number.  So that's the number one thing I need from you guys.  Okay.  And can you verify the last four digits of your social?  Three, three, zero, seven.  And can you verify the date of birth?  I'm 1026, only four.  Oh, I do just have to just make sure we have the most of the date contact information for  you regarding the transfer.  So phone number I have listed here is 513 584 100 is what I have now filed.  Nope.  Second, I'll just go ahead and edit that.  And what's the better contact number for you?  Seven, five, seven, three, five, four, two, three, seven, seven, all right.  And then email address I do show is scooperHSU at gmail.com.  That's correct.  All right, let's just give me a second.  I have another call in five minutes too.  So I can't wait to have.  Yeah.  I'm sorry.  I just has the questions.  I have to ask.  And then mailing address.  I understand.  Go ahead.  Yeah.  The mailing address I do show is three nine.  Three five, actually, you drive Cincinnati, Ohio, five, I'm sorry, four, five, two, two,  seven.  That is correct.  Here, and yes, I do show that the loan did transfer it on December 1st to us and I do have  that new loan number.  That was great.  What's this when you're ready?  Yep.  Yep.  So that's going to be 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 6, 9, 4, 1.  I'm going to read that back to you.  I've got 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 6, 9, 4, 1.  That is correct.  Okay.  Please confirm the mailing address so that I can get them to send your check correctly.  Mailing address for the payment address.  For the payment address.  For the payment address.  Yeah.  Yes, please.  Yep.  So it's going to be valent mortgage ink.  Yeah.  And it's going to be peel box.  6, 6, 0, 0, 4, 3.  Okay.  They never gave me that.  They gave me a Gemini drive in Beaverton.  Yeah.  That is a general mailing address.  So Shelby sent it to that or the peel box you're going to give me.  The peel box that I'm mentioning.  Okay.  I have not that nowhere.  Okay.  What's the peel box?  So valent mortgage ink and then peel box.  6, 6, 0, 0, 4, 3.  Dallas, Texas.  7, 5, 2, 6, 6.  All right.  Well, this is extremely poor.  And I know it's not your fault.  So you said peel box here.  So you said peel box.  6, 6, 0, 4, 3.  In Dallas, Texas.  And you said 7, 5, 2, 6, 6.  Is that right?  That is correct.  Okay.  So that's nowhere in any of the materials that I received.  They gave me a business mailing address of 9, 4, 5, 0,  6, 4 seven I drive in Beaverton, Oregon with 9, 7 jers are right,  but do not send it to their right?  Yeah, don't set it to there.  That's just sending right respond to anything like that.  That's not up payment address.  But actually, they told me that that's the payment address in the message,  like oh, yeah, that's not the payment.  I am so incredibly irritated that is really erroneous.  Wow, okay, well I will send a complaint letter saying that to the people who sent me  this email.  Thank you for your time.  You've been wonderful, but again, this is very, very important as a practice from the  people who I get them notice of mortgage servicing of.  Thank you for your time.  You're very welcome, you have a good rest of your day.  You too, bye.