I'm going to finish that one, please.  Speaking.  I think so.  This is Joshua.  Agent ID 1432.  Come with our mortgage and I record that line.  Are you doing today?  I'm doing okay.  I think that's good.  And if you can verify only the zip code on the property address, please.  Two, one, two, three, not.  Thank you so much.  We'll meet one moment.  All right.  I just want to give you a quick overview of the account before moving forward.  And I do show you active on a forbearance plan, which is actually the reason for my call today.  Accountants contract over 58 days past two.  I showed the hardship was due to the unemployment initially.  Is that still the case?  All right.  Yeah.  Okay.  All right.  And like I said, I was going to follow up with that on you with you on that on the unemployment and the  the forbearance because it looks like the forbearance is coming to an end, doors the end of January.  So I wanted to see what you plan is.  I have a callback request scheduled from you from last week and I'm following up on that.  And that's what it looks like he was on regards to the forbearance plan.  Yeah.  Yeah.  Someone had called me and I missed the call.  So I'll call it back.  So yeah, I know that it's over at the end of January.  And it should be.  I think I'm paid up through no them through October.  So October, yes, ma'am.  November, December, and January.  And then February will be due as of February 1st.  I'm not.  Is that my understanding correct?  Correct.  Yes, yes, ma'am.  And now do you need an extension of the forbearance?  Are you still going through hardship?  Or do you think you'll be ready to resume payments on February?  As of now, I'm still going through the hardship.  I'm looking at a temp job, which is maintaining, you know, my household bills.  But it doesn't have enough to cover in full mortgage.  But I am planning to pay at least two months up in January.  All right.  I'm going to go ahead and finish.  And I will send you an application because we got let's if we're doing an extension of the forbearance.  Or if you want to apply for long term options, you will need to fill out that application that I send you.  I'm sending it over to you email.  So you should be getting them within the next few minutes if you haven't already.  Fill out the application when you have some time.  Maybe this weekend or during this week, please fill out that application.  And then it should give you an option there to put your hardship status as well.  You know, so it's just who was going on basically.  And then we'll review based on that because the hardships that I'm going.  Most likely we will review for an extension.  But usually when the forbearance goes over six months, we have to do it this way instead of over the fund.  Like verbally.  For the extension after the six months, we do need the application to be able to have room file and make it like a formal forbearance.  I see.  Yep.  I have it.  All right.  So just fill that out when you have some time, send it in.  I should talk about a week or so to hear back if anything else is needed.  If nothing is needed, you probably just get an email saying that is that has been approved for the extension.  And if you, if you don't apply for the extension and you apply for other options for us to help you bring a current issue, be in the response within 30 days, I'm most.  Okay.  All right.  And any questions about these about the process, anything for me.  Yeah.  So.  Okay.  So with this application.  I don't know what the other options are or short of I don't want to give it my home.  It will depend.  It will honestly depend on your situation.  So if the hardship is not resolved, which will be you and not ready to resume payments yet, we're going to review you for an extension of the forbearance, that's the only thing that we can give you.  Now, the long long term options will come when you're ready to resume payments because we don't want to give you an option for you to be some payments and then you default again and then you're no longer going to have that option because we can only do it every 12 months.  Absolutely.  Yeah. So if the hardship is resolved, we'll give you either a deferral the payment where we take the payments and move them to the end of the loan and just bring a current or a modification which it's similar to the deferral, but it changes the term also the terms of the loan because instead of putting it at the end.  It's just roll set into the same loan so it will make you longer.  So it's different option.  You can qualify for when the hardship is resolved when you're ready to resume payments, but if we give you those now and then you default again, you're no longer going to have those and then it's basically going to set you off of default.  I gotcha.  Okay. That answers my question. That was my question.  No problem.  Anything else you can think of?  No, I'm going to take a look at the application. I'll do have it.  Okay.  Sounds good.  Just be a little patient.  No problem.  Yeah.  Thank you so much for taking my call then.  You have a good rest of your day. Happy New Year.  Okay. Thank you. You too.  Thank you.  Bye.