Hi, thank you for calling Valley Mortgage.  My name is Charlotte, agent ID number 1152.  Pluto has a pleasure of speaking with.  Charlotte, this is Roman from the insurance service department.  On a recorded line for quality training purposes.  What's the help?  But men, how are you?  Charlotte, I'm doing well.  How about yourself?  Man, one of your agents made me mad today.  Oh, no, that wasn't me.  I could tell you that.  No, it wasn't you.  It was one of the people on your side, though.  Yeah, I'm not going to stick for everybody.  I just pay for myself.  Yeah, nope.  I like good dude.  What's happening?  What's going on?  I have an upset customer.  So here it goes.  It's not a name.  It's not one of us.  It's the customer now.  Mr. Francesco Hernandez, low number, 92, 95, 4, 0,  98, 4, 0.  He wants to discuss his escrow account.  Oh, God.  Did you advise him that I'm going to have  to validate his identity when you transfer him?  No, but I think it'll be fine.  I mean, he's already upset.  Roman, you're really trying to give me a trouble today.  I took the heat.  I took part of the heat.  You could take the other part.  Good.  Good.  Let me bring him over.  Don't get him transferred over.  I'll get it.  I got it.  Hi, thanks, Carla.  Yeah, hold on.  Mr. Hernandez, sir.  Yeah, go ahead.  OK, I have charged for my customer service department.  She's going to be taking care of you regarding your escrow  questions.  OK.  Mr. Hernandez, we are on a record call.  Charlotte, go ahead.  Hi, this is Charlotte, agent A.D. number 1152,  here at Valon Mortgage, on a recorded line.  Who do I have the pleasure of speaking with?  Francesco Hernandez.  How are you doing today, Francesco?  I just wanted to say thank you for calling the show service  and Mr. Francesco.  Bye, Francesco.  Sorry.  Thank you.  It's OK, Roman.  Thank you.  All right.  Yeah, I just want to show you how you know it today.  OK, OK, I'm trying to figure it out.  I'm trying to get insurance.  I was going to do insurance with a company  that shows on your system.  But they were quoting me something different, something  where I call DP1, which basically, it takes a lot of the coverage  if you want to put that from HO3.  I don't know why they do that, and why they didn't tell me  anything about it.  But anyway, so I told a couple of places around,  and I found one that is a lot more.  But it covers me some.  So anyway, I wanted to find out he wasn't  able to tell me how much in my escrow.  When I look at my account, I couldn't see it  because he chose that they already  have withdrawal the money or something like that.  And I didn't approve anything.  And I'm trying to talk to these people.  So it's supposed to be sending you the papers  or the insurance, or whatever is that you guys need  to put it in the system.  And with the remaining of the escrow,  I guess you guys divided that into monthly payments  or something like that, right?  Yes and no.  escrow is a little tricky.  Let me go ahead and verify the account with you  in your identity.  And then I'll be more than happy to go ahead  and take a look at what we have on file  and what's notated on the account  to be able to better assist and answer your questions  and concerns regarding the escrow.  Is that OK?  OK.  Yeah, go ahead.  OK, perfect.  So could you verify for me the last four of your social?  A six to two six.  Thank you.  And then the property zip code.  Three, two, seven, or three.  Thank you for that.  Let me get over here and see what's going on.  All right.  OK, so I do see it was listed as loggerhead.  And that was the policy looks like it  is that either renew or expire tomorrow.  But then I have one listed as people's trust  that takes effect tomorrow.  Yeah, that's the one I'm penciling right now.  The people's trust?  Yeah, that's the one I told them to stop,  because they are, that's a low.  I don't know.  When I was going through it, it just  was not covering anything.  I don't know why they submitted it.  When I didn't told them to.  So I'm talking to another company, her name is Megan.  I don't remember the name of the company.  It's little, little insurance or something like that,  a little story insurance.  OK.  But they already should have sent you some stuff  because we've been dealing with this since the 10th.  And so I don't know what you guys have  or what is the process of it.  OK.  Yeah, sure.  Now, did she advise you if she sent in that document  with request for a payment for that policy?  Did she send it to valon at ihaveinsurance.com?  I don't know.  OK, so we need to find that out.  OK.  Now, as far as the other policy getting paid,  not a big deal, because once you've  notified them that you're canceling that policy,  they're going to have to issue your refund.  And then I always recommend once you get that refund,  put it right back into the asker account.  OK.  Currently, the asker account valence is, wait, wait.  Wait, number one, I'm not going to request anything  because I have not paid anything, right?  OK, but if you're canceling the policy  that we just submitted to you today,  for $1,887, right?  Right, but you submitted a payment that I didn't wait.  Wait, wait, wait, wait.  You're submitting a payment that I didn't ask you to submit it.  No, because the insurance from I didn't  decide, no, no, no, no.  The president can request whatever they want.  And it is between you and them.  It doesn't have nothing to do with me.  One thing is for me to be looking at quotes.  And the other thing is for me to approve anything.  OK, I didn't approve all I did.  But did they notify you that they were increasing your premium?  Cool.  Because they sent us the insurance company.  They sent us the request to pay out the policy  probably a month ago.  They typically sent it out about a month or a month ago.  Are you talking about a local head?  No, I'm talking about the people's trust.  That's who we just paid with people through people's trust.  People's trust is the one that, if a name is taking,  that's the company that is under your website, under your system.  OK, and this was about a week ago.  OK, not even that.  This was like four or five days ago.  I look into it.  They call me.  I look at the number.  He showed me something.  He sent something to me.  I start reviewing them to see exactly what it was.  OK, I didn't approve anything.  He's saying me a good face.  Everybody has a file at this point.  But nobody have requesting any payment from you guys.  So the fact that you guys work together with them  or whatever is that you have, that doesn't have nothing  to do with me.  I'm asking for quote.  You offer on your page the ability to click in there  and ask for a quote.  And that's what I did.  I ask for a quote.  I have not signed any documents.  I haven't signed anything.  That's why when I went into my account,  to look at how much escrow I have to compare it with whatever  they're calling me on this company that I'm working with,  I see that it says negative 232.  So I call the number from Valon.  But it confirmed me directly to this guy  that I was talking to.  I didn't know he was the insurance company.  But I'm calling Valon number.  So anyway, so I say, why do you guys request for money  that I have not approved?  I didn't ask you for it.  Oh, we were doing whatever is that they say.  But no problem, because the money  have not gone through year or whatever.  And do you want me to make a stop payment?  And I say, what I haven't even asked you  to even do anything, all I asked was a quote.  Anybody can ask for a quote, but I'm not approving anything.  And you are absolutely correct in that.  You can ask for a quote.  But they wouldn't have sent a request or payment  if there wasn't something agreed upon technically.  And we wouldn't have sent a payment out.  They've been calling me for the last four days.  OK, let's do this.  Let's do this.  I'm going to place you on a brief hold.  And I'm going to do some digging to the accounts.  So bear with me a few moments.  Hi, Francis, are you still there?  We want to take one second or one second or one second.  Yeah, go ahead.  OK, so after speaking with an agent over at our Insurance  Services team.  I got a little bit better understanding of what's going on.  So yes, people's choice is considered a lender's choice type  of insurance.  Why they sent a request for payment with the policy?  I don't know.  OK, but I was ensured that this agent could  tell that the prior agent did put a code  on the account payment to stop that payment.  And it's going to freeze that payment from going anywhere.  OK, and the reason for that is because you  had indicated to him that you didn't want that policy paid out  because you were still shopping around for insurance.  OK, so what I am highly suggesting to you  is once you figure out what carrier  you're going to go with, you're definitely  going to have to have your agent or that company reach out  to us so that we can get this updated  because the current policy that your coverage is with,  with loggerhead, it expires tomorrow.  Yeah, but she's actually on my other line  and she's listening to what you're saying.  And she said she already submitted all the papers to you guys.  Yeah, you can take a few days for that.  But I can send them to you.  You can give me a website where I could upload the documents.  I can do that right now.  For email address and the document.  OK, can you give us that information, please?  I can because it's general information.  Email is going to be valen V Lake Victor ALO and like Nancy  at I have insurance.com.  Or you can upload at I have insurance.com forward slash valen.  I'm going to get the email ready to go.  OK, so you guys in there right now, right?  And then you guys to take it.  I will have it over.  OK, even though I'm not going to disclose any information  to her Francisco about the account,  but I need to know the carrier name.  And if possible, a policy number and a premium amount.  So I can reach back out to my insurance services team  and have them update your account on their end  so that they know when that comes in,  they're going to go ahead and process that.  OK, can you provide a million, please?  OK, so the phone is going to be a little bit for tomorrow.  OK, the phone did cut out a little bit.  Could you provide me with the beginning of the policy number  up until the 911?  I've got everything after that.  Yeah, it doesn't seem to be like boy.  OK, so Sam Brady 911-0053777, and it's going to be 1213,  25 to 1213 of 26.  What's the carrier name?  That's correct.  It's a benchmark specialty insurance company.  Benchmark specialty insurance company has marked in one word.  Yep, I got it.  OK.  All right, and then I'll go ahead and get a discount from me.  Oh, yeah, that would be good.  What's the premium amount?  OK.  $2,900 is $1,500 and $2,965.10.  That's correct.  All right, thank you for that.  All right, there are problems.  OK, Megan, do you need Megan for anything else?  I do not know.  OK, OK, Megan, thank you so much.  Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you.  Bye bye.  All right, so you have everything you need at this point, right?  Correct, I am going to place you on a brief hold,  and I am going to reach back out to insurance services.  So what's going to happen is we're going to have them  calculate going out to people's trust.  OK, OK.  So did those funds be available?  I wish I would have done it with you guys,  because it's supposed to be easier for me.  But I don't know when I started going over the insurance,  it looks like I lost a lot of stuff.  And then when I was talking to different people,  they said, yeah, but why are you renting the property?  And I was like, no, I didn't finish.  So why are they giving you a DP1 and another issue of three?  So I don't know nothing about insurance.  I don't know if you'd know what I'm talking about.  I could do, I do.  It's the way they had your property listed.  They assumed that it was a rental property  and not a primary resident.  Why?  I've been there now for $10,000.  $10,000, $15,000.  I couldn't tell you that.  I honestly couldn't.  But let me place you on a brief hold.  I'm going to reach out to insurance services.  Let them know that that code 7 on that other payment  we need to adjust that to stop payment, cancel payment.  And then I'm going to provide them  with the information she gave me  so that they can notate that when that comes in that payment  needs to go out, OK?  So you've got to bear with me a few minutes longer, OK?  All righty.  All right, thanks, friends.  Just go on moment.  Friends is going to reach to there.  Yes, I'm here.  OK, so hey, friends, let's go a little bit of a snag  in our mission today.  Unfortunately, the agent that I have on the line  cannot take the information that Megan gave me.  So unfortunately, he is going to have to reach out  to her with you on the line so that he  can obtain the same information from her  that she just provided me.  But I'm going to go ahead and note on the account  on my end and send it to our internal insurance for you.  OK, OK, so that you have been for mentioned,  but you have the number or that you have the number?  I don't have that for Megan.  No, you'll have to give him Megan's contact number  so he can call her.  OK.  OK, I do apologize.  OK, I'll go ahead and leave you  with the insurance services agent.  OK.  All right, thank you.  What would your name again?  My name is Charlotte.  Charlotte, OK, Charlotte, thank you so much.  You're welcome, bye-bye.