My name is Laura, my agent IDS, 1, 3, 2, 1.  May I have you first and your last name?  Yeah, my first name is Surrey, S-E-R-O-Y.  Last name is Melo, M-E-L-L-O.  And also, Ginger Melo, G-I-N-G-E-R-M-E-L-L-O.  Calling on request 7034829 concerning Jerry F. Clark.  I'm sorry. Where are you calling from?  Where am I calling from?  Yes, sir. Are you the account holder?  No, the account holder was Jerry F. Clark.  He has passed away.  Ginger, I've been trying to work with the service team to get a,  from a couple weeks now, a payoff figure for the title company,  for a pending closing.  Okay. And I can give you the information and where to send to request.  Well, again, I'm responding with this email communications back and forth here with us.  With your services team.  Okay.  The last one I got was today from Salinda.  I'm not sure what that is, Master.  I'm going to be able to pull anything without you being authorized on the account.  So, if they're in need to talk to Ginger.  I don't have those names on the account.  Well, we've talked to other agents already.  I'm concerning this, this mortgage.  And we, again, there's a request in.  And we've been doing email communications.  Okay.  Can you pick that point?  Yeah.  Send proof of death.  Ginger is the state holder of Jerry Clark.  She's a personal rep.  Okay.  So, they only work through email.  Unfortunately, we don't see the information once we see the information.  Then we can go into the account, sir.  But I don't see any details that are being updated with the authorization.  That's what's right now.  I'm sorry.  Well, I don't understand because we've already called before.  And we've spoke with actually agents a couple of times.  Jazz main on the phone, Caesar.  I've been logging on the phone calls.  And then there's emails coming back and forth with Ginger.  Okay.  So, I don't understand why you can't.  We can't go any further.  Right now.  Yeah.  Because, can you look up that request number?  What's the request number that they're giving you?  7034829.  Yeah.  Okay.  Now, it's saying it's pending, sir.  That's what it says.  Yeah, that's correct.  Yeah.  So, in the pending.  Yes.  Okay.  Do you see the communication?  No, it's just telling me that this ticket is pending.  But yes, I do see the ticket.  It's still in process right now.  Yeah.  Right.  And the latest email we get.  Okay.  The email I just got we got today wants two more documents.  Okay.  Because we've already sent them the desk certificate.  And we've also sent documents that Ginger is the.  The personal representative of the estate.  Okay.  Now, I'm well,  they're what they're asking for to complete this.  Oh, Ginger, being successors in interest.  She needs to supply proof of ownership.  Please provide all pages of the recorded deed.  And the second bullet point is the copy of your government issue photo ID.  Now, one of my questions is,  what is that requiring Ginger to show her photo ID?  I would send it.  Yes.  And if not, you can always reply to Celinda who's requesting it and ask her that question.  Okay.  You don't have a way.  I'm not sure about the recorded deed about getting that.  You know,  I don't know what steps I needed to get that for Celinda.  Yeah.  I'm not sure either sir.  All I know is that our support team.  All right.  I don't just respond to the email.  Okay.  Yes,  Celinda,  if we'll send,  I'll leave the information.  I'm so sorry,  but I do see it.  So if you're unable,  or should I say,  don't understand just advice of what it is you can send and what you cannot send.  She'll let you know if it's accepted or not accepted,  or what other documents she can.  All right.  I want to send her the,  I'm going to send her the,  I can send her the photo ID.  All right.  But we still have,  then we'll still have a question about how we're able to send the recorded deed.  I mean,  I think you are,  you know,  it's a tuition keep strong roadblocks.  And we're just trying to get through on the closing of the property,  but we can't get started until we get a pay off figure.  And every time,  you know, to get the pay off figure,  we're going,  you know, make those jumps are all kind of loops here.  And it's a very first principle,  a couple of weeks now.  And that's why I found every day,  because I am, you know.  I'm going to hang up with you.  I will smart to the email,  and give her one of the two items,  I believe,  and then we'll have to take her from there.  All right.  Thank you.  No problems.  Have a good rest of your day.  Thank you for your time.  Thank you.