Thank you for calling below mortgage. My name is Janet agent ID 143. Can I have your  phone name please? This is Lisa Walden. Okay, just one moment. Thank you.  This call may monitor record for training and quality process just one moment.  How can I help you today?  I was calling to see if it was possible to do one deferment on a mortgage payment.  That ever happened if we can, is that that's an option?  What's the reason because you need to have a reason?  Yes, our transmission in our car was very expensive to replace and so that's why.  Okay.  Just one moment.  And I also see that you have built equity in your home.  And there's also the option to connect you with the loan officer.  Like if you would like to make an additional loan, they can assist you on that.  No, I just would just a little help would be a blessing.  I don't, you know, I don't want to do any loans or anything like that.  Just if we could just, if we could just.  Full of forbearance or yeah, postponed.  That would be wonderful just if we can add it to the loan or something like that.  That would be really helpful. I don't want to get, we don't want to get a loan or anything.  We're, we're trying to get pay off the house.  Okay, eventually.  Yes.  Okay.  So let me try to find a mortgage.  I was just going to say, along with the transmission situation, my husband's in landscape.  And so the weather really affects us.  And there's been quite a lot of weather.  You know, he gets busy after it dries up, but there's only so many hours that you can work, right?  So, yeah, so his work has been affected by weather as well.  Oh, okay.  Okay.  Okay.  But mostly the transmission.  Okay.  So I'm going to contact you with the mortgage assistance.  It's another, another department to see.  They will evaluate if they can postpone the, the coming payment for the end of the, of the loan, probably.  Yeah.  Yeah.  That would be a blessing.  Thank you.  Okay.  Sure.  Just, I will put you in a brief hold while I contact them.  Okay.  Just one more.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Hello, Lisa.  Hi.  Hi.  I'm going to come to the call to Miss Angelik.  She will be able to evaluate your case.  Okay.  Oh, help you.  Okay.  Just one moment.  Thank you for Holly and Val and my name is.